# Chunk 004 — Orderflows Transcripts

- Chunk number: 004
- Relevance tier: **T1** — T1 — explicit reversal/exhaustion/absorption/trap teaching (highest model value)
- Transcripts/parts in chunk: 5
- Video numbers: 145, 146, 154, 156, 158
- Chunk word count: 19,139

> Cleaned, de-duplicated Orderflows transcript text. `[mm:ss]` markers are approximate timestamps from the source video for traceability.

===============================================================

### [145] Orderflows Analysis Understanding Stacked Imbalances In Order Flow
- Date: 2018-07-20 | Video ID: VRexz_F1LTU | Relevance tier: T1
- Source VTT: `20180720 - Orderflows Analysis Understanding Stacked Imbalances In Order Flow [VRexz_F1LTU].en.vtt`
- Clean MD: `clean_transcripts/0145_20180720_Orderflows_Analysis_Understanding_Stacked_Imbalances_In_Orde_VRexz_F1LTU.md`


# Orderflows Analysis Understanding Stacked Imbalances In Order Flow
*Date:* 2018-07-20  |  *Video ID:* VRexz_F1LTU  |  *Words:* 2241
*Source VTT:* `20180720 - Orderflows Analysis Understanding Stacked Imbalances In Order Flow [VRexz_F1LTU].en.vtt`

---

[00:00] everyone its microphone water flows and in this video I'm gonna talk about stacking balances and how you can use them in your trading now before I begin weave disclaimer this presentation is for educational and informational purposes only it should not be considered a solicitation to buy or sell a futures contract and making the type of investment decision a future train contains substantial risk is not for every investor and investor could potentially lose all in more than the initial investment risk apples money that can be lost without jeopardizing

[00:23] once been an security life so only risk Apple should be used for training only those with sufficient risk Apple should consider trading pasture for it's not necessarily indicative of future results now tools I use in this presentation are the order flows trader software this is my software you know somebody posted a comment all your videos are sell your software well you know the reason I post these videos is so people that use my software can learn how to take advantage of market situations you know even if

[00:46] you're not using my software if you're using another version of order of a footprint chart from someone else you know hopefully you could get some information by watching these videos but you know really the whole purpose is is to you know show people that use my software how to take advantage of the information that's on the chart so you know if you don't like it you don't have to watch my videos you don't have to subscribe that's fine but really the reason I do these is is so people can

[01:14] get a better understanding of what they're looking at in the markets so this is yesterday in the crude oil September crude I don't on the one-minute chart now I'm gonna talk about the dis some of the differences between a one-minute chart and an arranged base chart shortly but I dare say that you know when you're looking at a minute based chart I tend to find that imbalances hold a bit more than they do on a range based chart and this was yesterday about eight thirty five in the

[01:41] morning you got this big imbalance here you know it's how many levels it's like one two three four five six seven eight nine levels that's a big one normally most people look for a minimum of three now you know what you have is an imbalance you know because you got zero against 50 0 against 46 somebody swept through the market there and you know an imbalance is when you have more aggressive buyers and sellers by ratio of four-to-one or more aggressive sellers than buyers by ratio 4 to 1 you

[02:10] know you either got buying imbalances you got selling imbalances knowing you have stacked imbalances when the imbalances appear stacked neatly on top of each other now my software will also draw a box around imbalances that are not necessarily stacked like here okay so you know here you have multiple imbalances this is unique to my software it'll draw someone will probably copy it and we'll call it the order flow imbalance Algol or some like that but really all it is is you know I got imbalance here and

[02:38] balance here and balance there it's just as important as a stacking balance and you can see how the market has rallied up up up up you get there how you got divergence you start selling off you got aggressive sellers coming in here in multiple imbalances so you know you got aggressive sellers here aggressive sellers here aggressive sellers there and it's just as important as if you have a stacked imbalance why is because you got aggressive sellers coming in and you can see how the market we just offer

[03:02] high aggressive sellers coming in and then the market sells off but what I want to talk about is a couple things so you know if you're using my software you can make some changes if you want let me just pull up the indicator really quick just to give you an idea of some of the things you can think about now again I know industry standard for imbalances is usually ratio of four-to-one some people I know use one thousand or ten to one it's percentage when I say one thousand

[03:29] it's not one thousand to one it's one thousand percent which is ten to one but if you go in here into the settings imbalances here imbalance trigger you can't really read what that says I don't know if you could make it bigger in percent here so if you want to make it a ratio of ten to one four hundred is four to one if you want to make it ten to one you'd be 1000 now imbalance cluster size is set to three that's you know three

[03:58] imbalances one two three there so if you want to change it to four if you only want to look for for stacking balances you change it to four okay and so on if you want to change it to five four five stagnant balances you can do that now this one was very interesting because I'm gonna do is I'm gonna draw some lines here just to give an idea you know people always say well I just the market pull back to a specific level you know you can see how it pulls back down here

[04:22] and then rallies again you know more aggressive buying coming in why is because that's an area where you had a some buyers earlier not does it always hold no but is it gonna give you a decent little risk country yeah why because you can be looking to be buying somewhere in the zone or maybe a tick above it you know and your stop is just gonna go right below here 68 is a 68 bucks so you know say you buy it somewhere in here around 60 you know 60

[04:48] 805 260 810 that's good you know obviously if you could buy it around here at 68 bucks that'd be great if you could have a stop here at 67 99 but realistically you know try and buy it somewhere in the zone or just on the cusp of the zone and you use this as your stop you know just on the other side there and you know what's your profit potential if you could buy it in here around sixty eight ten to sixty 805 you know earlier you had rallied all the

[05:16] way up to sixty 850 before you sold off again so what happens well the market comes back down into that 68 this is oh nine so it's oay to come down to 68 oh eight before we shoot back up again and what do we shoot back up again up here in new highs 68 75 and then right up again off this high you got a stacked selling imbalance in here you got multiple imbalances as far as littered with selling imbalances and the market comes off again it comes back down to a

[05:45] prominent part of control for some support at market rallies back up where does it rally back up to you know it well he's back up to where you had that previous resistance and then it sells off again so you know that sit on a minute face chart I mean you know that this one you know it does work nicely you know this stack buying and balancing in the next bar you know it held and rallied up and you got the multiple imbalances in here and we sold off where

[06:14] do we sell off to we sold off to that area of support so you know if you're getting short off this high you do know you have some support coming in down here you know you got some near-term support but obviously this stacks on a balance blue that support out of the water this support is now becoming resistance and you can see how it's trading back up into that area you know support becomes resistance and resistance become support and where we trade back down or trade back down to

[06:43] the next support level down here okay now the difference between a minute based chart like I said you know minute based charts and range based charts which holds better personally again you know I'm not saying this is as the rule with minute pays charts I just find that stacked imbalances tend to hold a bit better now that doesn't mean they don't work on on range based charts listen to eight range chart this is just this morning today you know you have this swing low here you start rallying up and

[07:11] you know a stacked imbalance next bar pulls back right within that zone and then rallies up again you know here we're sort of I'll show you this is no this is yesterday this is that a thirty-five area here or rallying up I'm sorry I cut my days confused here just see how else some of these other imbalances you know here's a stack saw a balance we do pull back further through it but you know what you got a resistant point of control there probably a point

[07:42] of control and you sell off any more stacks on the bounces yeah you got some stacks selling imbalances here did they hold yeah they held but again I'm not looking to be taking stacks selling imbalances right after you sell off from 68 bucks down to 68 67 50 right after you sell off 50 cents I prefer to take them you know when you're coming off swing highs rather than after you sell off 50 Cent's or like you're just after your rally here you just after you sell off I

[08:08] prefer to take them like this one here okay we rallied up up up up we get to the swing high 68 45 I was like 68 40 stacks on balance multiple imbalances next bar multiple imbalances and then you sell off again that's why I talked about taking things in context you know yeah you guys stacked in balance here this worked but you know we just rallied from sixty seven ninety five all the way up to sixty eight twenty okay well you just gave up twenty cents alright you

[08:36] for me I'm not trying to pick tops or bottoms I'm just looking for areas where the markets going to be turning it's gonna give me bigger bigger potential in the trade like here okay so imagine you know from this low sixty seven 90 up to here sixty eight forty that's 50 cents that's great but your stack buying imbalance at this point is coming in the middle of that move I'm yeah am i interested yeah yeah I you know if I was long yeah being feeling good because you know I got some added

[09:01] insurance that there's there's more to this more left to this move and then we rally up another 20 cents then you get up here to the swing high okay what's happening well you got negative deltas up here here here here all negative Delta's stacks on imbalance right off the high it's one tick off this high I'd rather be taking a stack sellin and balance up here than a buying imbalance and then we sell-off from 6840 back down to 67 90mm you know because this is in

[09:29] the morning again this is Friday morning you know we shoot up a little bit here but again it's it's sort of you know as the move you know our lows is much lower and you're getting your stack buying and balance after a move up you know the selling a balance and again I'd prefer it a little closer to the high and this one I'm not too interested you know these are not again it's in a move already you know I'd probably have looked for a reason to be short

[09:59] somewhere higher than necessarily down here but then you see which start you know again take take trades in context of the market don't just take the trade because oh you know I got a stack by an imbalance I got to get long or I got stacks on a balance I gotta get short you know look for you know when you're looking at aggressive buying or aggressive selling coming into the market try to look for it at turning points in the market I mean if you're in

[10:28] a position and you got it or if there's maybe a breaking out of a range it might be also useful but again I don't look for stacking balance to get into a trade after we just had a decent move basically that's that's my approach again you know people say oh you don't know you're talking about well you know fine whatever you mean that's how I use it and again you know thanks for watching this video don't learn more about this software go to my website order flows

[10:54] calm so again thanks for watching this and have a great day everyone bye-bye

---------------------------------------------------------------

### [146] Orderflows Trader 2 0 For NT7 Prominent POCs Trapped Trader Market Sweeps
- Date: 2018-07-25 | Video ID: tJSzbSMm_Ro | Relevance tier: T1
- Source VTT: `20180725 - Orderflows Trader 2 0 For NT7 Prominent POCs Trapped Trader Market Sweeps [tJSzbSMm_Ro].en.vtt`
- Clean MD: `clean_transcripts/0146_20180725_Orderflows_Trader_2_0_For_NT7_Prominent_POCs_Trapped_Trader__tJSzbSMm_Ro.md`


# Orderflows Trader 2 0 For NT7 Prominent POCs Trapped Trader Market Sweeps
*Date:* 2018-07-25  |  *Video ID:* tJSzbSMm_Ro  |  *Words:* 1633
*Source VTT:* `20180725 - Orderflows Trader 2 0 For NT7 Prominent POCs Trapped Trader Market Sweeps [tJSzbSMm_Ro].en.vtt`

---

[00:00] to you know, some customer feedback. Uh there are there I I realize there are still a high percentage of people that are still on NT7 and they want to use the Order Flows Trader with NT7, not NT8. So, if if you fall into that category, we've updated our NT7 version of the Order Flows Trader 2.04 NT7. And you know, people say, "Why why would I use NT7 still if NT8 is the one that's going out there?" Well, you know, there's a group of people that maybe

[00:30] they have indicators from other providers that or they have programming done for NT7 and they still want to stay with NT7 because you know, it's a big difference between NT7 and NT8 in terms of programming. But before I begin, uh let me just go through the brief disclaimers per usual. This presentation is for educational and informational purposes only should not be considered a solicitation to buy or sell a futures contract or make any other type of investment decision. Futures trading contains substantial risk and is not for

[00:55] every investor. Investors can potentially lose all or more than the initial investment. Risk capital is money that could be lost without jeopardizing one's financial security or lifestyle. Only risk capital should be used for trading and only those with sufficient risk capital should consider trading. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. All righty. So, this is uh the Euro currency this morning and as you can see, um you got the prominent point of controls up here, here. So, you got uh your divergence as well, which you know,

[01:19] is is already programmed. But uh I just want to talk about this little sell-off here. So, you got resistance here, double top, resistance, resistance, and divergence, divergence. Yes, you do have a supportive point of control here, but you know, we sold off from our first uh our first high with the uh divergence and prominent point of control, came down here to a support, we rallied back up. We rallied back up and you got prominent point of control and resistance again. You know, now some people like to throw stones and

[01:46] say, "Well, yeah, you had to sell here and then it was a buy, but then look, it didn't go anywhere." Well, it's because you got a sell signal here. You know, sometimes people get married to the last trade that they're in. You know, they're they're in this trade and then they just for whatever reason don't want to take the next trade. You know, if you got a signal, say you're long from here and you've got um you know, a short signal, you don't stay long, you get out. At at the very

[02:06] least, you get out. Um and you you'll assess the situation get short. And what you have here is combination of things. You got your divergence and prominent point of control, which I've always said is is a nice trade setup. And then you've got your ratio in the next bar. So, you know, even without this prominent point of control, your divergence and your ratio, which is you know, one of my bread and butter trades that I've always talked about, um you know, this is a great short opportunity

[02:31] up here. You know, this morning in in the Euro currency. And let me just uh show you some of the other uh features that we've added into it. Um what do I want to show you? I'll show you the uh E-minis charts. Uh so, you can see here, this is well, this is last night. I don't know where we at right now this morning here. Um you know, we got the multiple imbalances in there showing you know, here you got this morning at 5:00 in the

[03:02] morning. Again, you know, the ratio and divergence right from the high. What do we do? We sell. There's your divergence, here's your bearish ratio. This part you don't have the prominent point of control. What do you got? You sell off from your high all the way down to your low. I mean, it's not the biggest move, you know, at this point at 5:00 in the morning. We're only trading, you know, 21 and 3/4 down to the low at 14 here um before we sort of sort of hang around there and eventually

[03:26] make new highs a little earlier. But um you know, these are those are those trades that I talk about all the time. You know, here's a again, you know, this is this is the problem sometimes, you know, when you when you're dealing with S&Ps in the night session, you know, you're talking a range from 20 down to uh 15 right about here, 14 and 3/4. So, it's very tight range. Um you know, if if you're looking to buy or sell a a top, a potential top,

[03:53] yeah, I like to have a bit more um bit more range. I mean, here you had a ratio. I'm sorry, here you had divergence and a prominent point of control. Then it came down here and it met a supportive prominent point of control and it rallied back up here where you got the the um the sell signal there. But uh you know, you get sell sell signal, but you know what? It's more of uh you know, the Order Flow tool is telling you, "Hey, this is a

[04:15] potential short opportunity." And yeah, you can see here yesterday afternoon, you know, you got a swing low, prominent point of control, multiple imbalances and we you know, we rally up going into the uh into the futures close. Uh you know, what else was there? This is you know, what else can I show you? Uh I know, I'll show you the uh I think it's a little bit better, a little more clearer on a I'll show the mini Dow chart. See, let's take a look at this morning.

[04:50] You might be able to see these signals a little bit clearer here. So, here you can see some sweeps here. You see a sweep a sweep up, a sweep down. Um you know, that was the other feature. Another sweep there. Some sweeping activity going on in here. Um see if there's any trapped traders signals. Well, this it's hard to get you know, decent signals when the volume is very thin in the evening session, but I'll take a look at yesterday's main session.

[05:33] I know, it's it's the color is is a little bit different than these than this purple. Well, here's a trapped trader here. You know, we did pop up make a new high by a couple ticks before you you had a nice sell-off from that high. You know, it's just I don't want to say it's you know, premature ejaculation, but uh it's just premature here. These guys are trapped. Market started coming off, rallied back up. Didn't give the trap signal there. Uh you do got a bearish ratio.

[06:03] Then the market sold off. So, you know, what to do. Yeah, down here you got another trapped trader here, this green arrow. Um you know, this was a nice one. This was right on the cash open, 8:30 and 13 seconds. You know, it sort of lines up with this. It's almost a double bottom here. You know, the first time you didn't get the trapped trader signal, second time you definitely did. You know, they're coming down here to test the bottom, try and take it a little bit lower, didn't work

[06:42] out and then the market uh rallied up from there. Um let's take a look at the uh five range Euro currency real quick. Where are we here today? Um okay, let's go back to yesterday's. Let's see. There were some interesting things yesterday if I can remember. Yeah, here you got a nice little double bottom being formed. You got prominent point of control. You don't get the prominent point of control the second time. Here you got a double top. This one failed. Um here, this was another double top

[07:16] with the prominent point of controls and you got a nice little sell-off down here. Um like I said, this one was interesting cuz you had very nice very heavy volume. Even if you look at the volume of this bar, 18,000. Um here you're looking at 2,000, 3,000, 1,400. So, about um you know, over 6,000 contracts traded right here to support this market. Tested it again here. You know, people say, "Well, you got prominent point of controls here." Yeah, would would would I be looking to get short these versus

[07:43] getting long these um blue ones? Get short the red versus get long the blue? Well, you know, when when I see a situation like this, look at the volume. You know, I I judge it well, which is stronger. In this sense, you know, I'm willing to take you know, 2,000, 3,000, 1,500 more than 157, 70, 17 or 263, 178 and four. Even here, 288, 74, 81. Yeah, this this little pocket here is much stronger than these two put together. Um but I know that back here there

[08:15] there's very strong support. Even we come back down here, we can't even get down um offered at this level again. And you see how the market starts moving back higher, higher, higher. Anyway, that's what I wanted to talk about with the uh NT7 version of Order Flows Trader 2.0. You know, we've added the prominent point of controls, the multiple imbalances, the uh sweeps, the enhanced trapped traders. So, enjoy. Bye-bye.

---------------------------------------------------------------

### [154] Orderflows Market Analysis August 10, 2018 ES Emini SP Ratio Divergence Prominent POC
- Date: 2018-08-11 | Video ID: VcWLRv9AQX4 | Relevance tier: T1
- Source VTT: `20180811 - Orderflows Market Analysis August 10, 2018 ES Emini SP Ratio Divergence Prominent POC [VcWLRv9AQX4].en.vtt`
- Clean MD: `clean_transcripts/0154_20180811_Orderflows_Market_Analysis_August_10_2018_ES_Emini_SP_Ratio__VcWLRv9AQX4.md`


# Orderflows Market Analysis August 10, 2018 ES Emini SP Ratio Divergence Prominent POC
*Date:* 2018-08-11  |  *Video ID:* VcWLRv9AQX4  |  *Words:* 2487
*Source VTT:* `20180811 - Orderflows Market Analysis August 10, 2018 ES Emini SP Ratio Divergence Prominent POC [VcWLRv9AQX4].en.vtt`

---

[00:00] hey everyone it's mike from horror flows and today is August 10th 2018 it's a quick video I'm shooting on the order fellas market analysis for this Friday August 10th and this week you know earlier this week we just started our weekly order foes group training session group live training session with me it meets Monday nights at 7 p.m. Central Time and you know it's weekly thing they'll be recorded and there they're put in a special archive section in the members area so you just go in and you

[00:36] I'm gonna try and create a video to show you how to get to it you know it's a it's not a simple thing where says archive section here you got to go to manage recordings and stuff like that but I'm gonna try and teach you how to get to that so before I jump into the analysis I want to do today just go through a brief disclaimer this presentation is for educational and informational purposes only should not be considered a solicitation to buy or sell a futures contract or making any

[01:01] other type of investment decision future strain contains essential risk is not for every investor investor potentially was all more than the initial investment risk couple is money that could be lost without jeopardizing one's financial security relax the only risk couple shoot abuser training only those were sufficient rich capital should consider training past importance is not necessarily indicative of future results now you know the reason why I put that there is because you know people sometimes think that you know trading is easy and you know it's the the way to

[01:26] riches you know it's yeah can you make a good living trading yes you can you know I know a lot of people that that's what they do for a living is they trade that's how they make their money that's what I have been doing for the last 20 years I've been involved in the markets you know as a as a trader and you know more recently as someone that works with other traders people always say you know hey Mikey are you such a good trader you

[01:50] know you come off as well you know some you're some market wizard no I don't you know I come off as somebody who has 20 years experience trading at a very high level I'm not gonna say the highest level but you know I spent eight years at JP Morgan I spent four years at Cargill 3 years of Commerce Bank you know a few years at ETF man so you know you don't live to survive that long in trading environment unless you know your you're decent at it and let's say you

[02:17] know you gotta be great at it but you know you gotta be decent at it too to to survive but anyway you know one of the things that I want to talk about is the some trade setups you know and I've always talked about certain trade setups you know going back years and and one of them is the ratio and divergence in the order flow right you know divergence is the you know new or equal low with positive Delta or new equal high with negative Delta but what makes my order

[02:46] flows divergence is you know I include a little bit of price action into it you know because you know just because you make a new low with positive Delta you know I want the market to be confirming it with the price action as well so rather you know if this funny side note is you know a buddy of mine who's you know really into order flow he consumes everything that comes out on an order flow and he says he met this guy who had this quote secret to order flow analysis

[03:12] secret and you know share it with you for a couple undred dollars okay so my buddy send him a couple hundred dollars and basically all it was was just divergence you know I say you know you buy it when you know you get it low and you got positive Delta you know he's like whispering it like that like it's some secret it's not you know I mean this is something that's been around for for many years and you know and I'll the problem that I've always had with with

[03:36] the normal divergence is you know on a market that's trending you're gonna get you know new lows with positive deltas um you know and I say you gotta add some price sex price action to it you know you need some confirmation in the price action that hey you know we are starting to move up from that low and you know that's what my order flows trader software does is it adds price action into the normal divergence and the straight setup that I've always been talking about four years since I

[04:02] released my software was the ratio which is this blue number you know it's a blue ratio is is in ratio that I like I find in the order flow being either supportive or in the indicative of price rejection so it's either price support or price rejection depending on how the number comes out and if it's just the black number that's just doing your regular order flow okay and to set up that I like then I've been couple years is this one the ratio and divergence in the bar in the same bar or

[04:31] divergence and in the following bar a ratio so what I want to sort of explain is you need when you trade right you should have more than one trade set that you look for and this was a question that someone emailed me on the other day is you know how many trade setups do you have well yeah I've got a handful okay but really what I'm looking for is you know my bread and butter which is racial divergence and and a newer one that you know is it made a lot easier the primary

[05:02] point of control and a ratio and you know it's something that you can see if you use my order flows trader software again yah had people say well you're don't watch this videos because all he does is talk about his software and you gotta buy a software well that's one of the reasons why I create these videos is for users of my software so they can look for the same trades right and I talked about these setups all the time you know ratio and divergence or ratio

[05:28] sorry divergence and a ratio in the next bar so here you know if you're just trading ratio and divergence this one fails okay you would be stopped out period you know it's no way around it and I'm not gonna say well you get out here because it looks like no really stopped out but then down here if you're trading ratio and divergence right you got your divergence interracial in the next bar and the market you know made of the nice little rally but you know the other set

[05:53] up right to get you in just before the divergence and the ratio and the next bar is the ratio I'm sorry the divergence and the prominent point control divergence and prominent point control now I've been doing a lot of videos on this recently you know webinars over the last couple months I'm talking about this particular trade setup and you know why you have to have more than one trade setup is because you know if you're just trading one set up right maybe you get one trade

[06:18] a day two days two trades a day or something like that okay well we're gonna do the rest of the time the markets trading all right you're gonna be missing a lot of trading opportunities that's why you need to have more than one trade setup and you know so okay you get this straight here all right ratio and divergence you stopped out you took a loss okay ratio and divergence yeah you got another trade a few minutes later and you know it kind of worked out you would

[06:41] have got something out of it but ratio and I sorry divergence and a prominent opponent controls giving you another trading opportunities right here so you know everyone likes you know investing you I see we've got a diversified in real estate you got diversify you know even people I got a buddy that sells sports jerseys on eBay and houses remember scratching my head and saying what else is selling says well no you know that's good you know because these are autographed jerseys and they sell for a lot of money well okay well what

[07:07] happens when people stop buying jerseys they don't want to buy jerseys you know it's not like you know there's a big market for an autographed you know Alex Rodriguez game-worn Jersey you know because there's only a certain amount of fans out there that be interested in it you know you're yeah you satisfy that market or you know there may be one guy looking for that a month or something like that so you know if people stop you know if the guy comes out you know I was

[07:36] juiced up the my entire career you'll know what's gonna buy you jerseys anyone even be stuck with all these jerseys and this is the same thing with training if you have just one trade set up meanwhile the rest of the market is training and you know you don't have anything going on because you're just sitting there staring at your screen waiting for the crates out comments why you need more than one trades up and and it's especially true in the sense that you need you know a lot of times I see

[08:00] people they have as method of trading that's deals with range base trades you know markets that's consolidating well what you gonna do in the market trending right you know could be taking a lot of losses or if you have a trending market you have a market way of trading the market when the market is trending we're gonna do in the market consolidating you know you gonna be sucking wind so you need you know different trade setups you know based on market conditions or you know just basically you know how many

[08:27] trades you want to take a day and yeah so first one it's a loser I mean listed here along with they're all wait for the next trade in the next you know the next trade never comes that day because you're just looking for one trade set up that's why you need more than one trade set up and you know divergence in front of point control you know and you would got also the divergence and the ratio on the next bar as well so at least you

[08:49] know you're giving yourself a more more opportunities but where else is there divergence and a ratio this day there's that there's no more you know and even here you get a divergence and a primary point of control and another next trade 28 28 all the way up to 28 38 and I'm not saying you you know you would've bought a 28 and got out at 38 but you know this is a nice rally up here I mean there's nothing going against it telling you to get out it's all aggressive binds all

[09:13] imbalances in each bar it's all positive Delta's you know the first sign of selling coming in here is is not up to the 36 area where you start going sideways in here you know where starts getting a bit chunky in here and you got to sell on a balance so hopefully you could have got you know at least five full points out of that move that's what I talk about when I say you know you got to have more than one way of approaching the market you know

[09:38] rather than just saying well I got a market I got a way of trading the market you know when it's consolidating because we consolidate seventy percent of time we only turn 30 percent of time well okay well the 30 percent of time you're taking losses or you know you're not making any money so you know it's one of those things you need something that is you know for different market conditions you need different ways to approach the market so my so thanks for watching this video and if you're interested in the

[10:08] software go to order flow is calm and you know I've got a link actually below this video for a special on the software if you're interested it's it's a great little tool to add to your your training again you know we do these weekly live group training sessions which are more in-depth and you know these quick little videos I shoot for YouTube and it gives you a chance to interact with me you know on a live basis and you know it's only for those that use my software

[10:33] or you know use the the ninja trader version or if you have the emoji trading version you know which comes from Lee who you know I work with on an order flow analysis you know he has them for the sera charts version of order flows you know just shoot Lee an email and he'll get you know tell them that hey you know my saw Mike's video you know I can get access to it too is uh weekly training ask Mike to set me up you know

[11:01] because I get the approval from Lee that you know you are a user and you know it's it's it's an informal thing I your questions to me about order flow or you know what I think is interesting to look at in the market or you know why is something set up a certain way feel free to join you know I said it's a great resource for anybody interested in advancing their knowledge of order flow you know I mean if you're just someone that's gonna say well you know order

[11:28] flow is the secret out I want to learn it and I'll know everything about the markets no you know you need to learn how order flow affects the markets and and why it happens so thanks everyone and have a great day and hope to see you on the live sessions on Monday bye bye

---------------------------------------------------------------

### [156] Upcoming Webinar Using Order Flow To Find Price Rejection And Profit From It August 23 2018
- Date: 2018-08-18 | Video ID: HhvtTlpiQ-I | Relevance tier: T1
- Source VTT: `20180818 - Upcoming Webinar Using Order Flow To Find Price Rejection And Profit From It August 23 2018 [HhvtTlpiQ-I].en.vtt`
- Clean MD: `clean_transcripts/0156_20180818_Upcoming_Webinar_Using_Order_Flow_To_Find_Price_Rejection_An_HhvtTlpiQ-I.md`


# Upcoming Webinar Using Order Flow To Find Price Rejection And Profit From It August 23 2018
*Date:* 2018-08-18  |  *Video ID:* HhvtTlpiQ-I  |  *Words:* 1027
*Source VTT:* `20180818 - Upcoming Webinar Using Order Flow To Find Price Rejection And Profit From It August 23 2018 [HhvtTlpiQ-I].en.vtt`

---

[00:00] hey everyone it's Mike from water flows and I wanna tell you about an upcoming webinar that I'm doing on Thursday August 23rd 2018 I'll be talking about using order flow to find price rejection and most importantly how to profit from that price rejection now I'll be speaking on the investor inspiration make your money work for you workshop it's a live Q&A webinar to help you know help traders get exposed to different forms of market analysis and it's quite a nice lineup this time we got James

[00:27] Edwards you got Aaron Hunsaker Fausto myself Vince and Lawrence Macmillan now if your ever studied options and you know you've gone to the library got to the bookstore looking for an options book it's probably one of them is written by Lawrence Macmillan and when I was just getting started out in the industry back in the early 90s and I was on the trading floor somebody gave me a book on options to send I read this so you can understand options better and it was Lawrence Macmillan on options and

[00:55] actually I still refer to it today when I got questions about some options strategy I want to know a little bit more about so what I will be talking about in particular is price rejection and price rejection occurs when traders are rejecting high prices or low prices and I'll just teach you how to profit from it you know everyone likes to talk about support and resistance and support resistance is you know one of the basis of trading you know that's what moves the market markets move from support to

[01:25] resistance and and back and forth but you know something that people don't really talk about very much is price rejection and honestly price rejection is hard to see in the markets and why is price rejection important is because it's gonna allow you to catch trends when they begin you know imagine if you knew when a move was ending based on prices being rejected based on the market's perception of prices being too high or too low that's what price rejection is it is is when traders come to the collective

[01:56] reasoning that you know the markets too expensive they're not gonna buy anymore or the markets too cheap they're not gonna sell anymore and often that's where the market turns and that's when you get nice reversals and nice trends and you can get in early you know like I said you know everyone always says the trend is your friend the trend is your friend but they only talk about trends after they've begun and already started making the moves what if you get in earlier you know that's that's where the the real

[02:19] meat and potatoes is on a trade now honestly price rejection is not easy to see if you're looking at a normal bar chart it's gonna be quite difficult to see because you know one of the ways you couldn't tell the easy way to tell prices are being rejected is by looking at volume and I'm gonna show you how to see it in order flow and I'll also show you a way to see it on bar charts okay so this is you know I think this is

[02:46] going to be new information for a lot of traders you know I said a lot of traders never thought of price rejection which actually runs contrary to support and resistance in the in the sense of support or resistance meaning you know a lot of buyers or a lot of sellers are coming into the market price rejection is the opposite it's it's the lack of buyers or the lack of sellers now just you know a brief disclaimer just so you know you know the presentation that I'm

[03:11] doing on Thursday is for educational informational purposes only and should not be considered a solicitation to buy or sell a futures contract or make any other type of investment decision futures train contain substantial risk and is not for every investor and investor could potentially lose all or more than the initial investment risk capital is money that could be lost without jeopardizing one's financial security or lifestyle only risk capital should be used for training and only those with sufficient risk capital should consider trading past performance is not necessarily indicative of future

[03:36] results so again you know the sign-up link is in the description below just go there it takes you to this page here where you just enter your name your email there's a spot for your phone number I don't think you have to enter it but most definitely your name an email and that's important it's because you know if you can't attend they will probably post it up on YouTube in a couple of weeks they don't go up there immediately but if you can't attend and you want to get access to my replay as

[04:06] soon as it's ready I'll send it out to you it usually takes within within 24 hours you'll get it so sign up and you know I hope to see you there on Thursday you know I think it's going to be a very interesting day you know I know that James is here from complete currency trader is going to be talking about or X with level 2 order flow and there's also another speaker here was it which one is also gonna be talking about level 3 data and using that in your in

[04:43] your analysis so it's going to be an interesting day and of course Lawrence you know myself but also of course Lawrence Macmillan talking about the current status of option oriented indicators you know options are a great tool for a lot of people but honestly a lot of people are scared of options and you know I think that it's going to be a very useful session to watch as well so thanks and I hope to see you there on Thursday again the sign-up link is in the description below bye bye

---------------------------------------------------------------

### [158] Using Order Flow To Find Price Rejection And Profit From It Investor Inspiration Webinar Replay
- Date: 2018-08-25 | Video ID: w_Z1JPuVxVM | Relevance tier: T1
- Source VTT: `20180825 - Using Order Flow To Find Price Rejection And Profit From It Investor Inspiration Webinar Replay [w_Z1JPuVxVM].en.vtt`
- Clean MD: `clean_transcripts/0158_20180825_Using_Order_Flow_To_Find_Price_Rejection_And_Profit_From_It__w_Z1JPuVxVM.md`


# Using Order Flow To Find Price Rejection And Profit From It Investor Inspiration Webinar Replay
*Date:* 2018-08-25  |  *Video ID:* w_Z1JPuVxVM  |  *Words:* 11751
*Source VTT:* `20180825 - Using Order Flow To Find Price Rejection And Profit From It Investor Inspiration Webinar Replay [w_Z1JPuVxVM].en.vtt`

---

[00:00] hey everyone its micromotor flows and welcome to today's presentation on using order flow to find price rejection and how to profit from it and my goal for you today in this presentation is to teach you what is price rejection and show you how to profit from it I'll explain why price rejection allows you to catch trends when they begin and will show you how to see price rejection using order flow now for those that don't know who I am my name is Mike Balto's and I'm the owner and trader at

[00:27] order flows calm I started it in 2015 now the reason why I want you guys to know my background is so that you know that I come from an actual trading background you know I wasn't like a college student that just said in a dorm room reading books and all of a sudden say I figured out the secret to the market no this is what I did for a living and you could see I started on the CMA floor as a runner literally started at the bottom with Dean Witter this was in

[00:52] the early 90s then when Globex and project day and night max Axess started becoming used by the futures traders on the floor and the desks and the brokerage firms I left the trading floor and I worked upstairs on the Dean Witter Reynolds upstairs trading desk basically I was the Globex trader so I did that for three years and I trade it all literally all the markets that were available on Globex at that time as well as all the other futures markets that were available overseas and after that I

[01:22] left to go to ETF man which is the big English trading firm I spent two years there as a global macro trader after man I left and went to work at Commerce Bank I spent three years there as a license Urich trader your ex trader I traded bones bobbles chats - zero stocks and I traded all those against the US the US counterpart products I spent four years at Cargill the big American privately held a trading company which is actually one of the largest companies in the

[01:50] United States you know they account for about 30% of u.s. grain exports 25% of meat exports but they literally trade everything you could imagine you know energies interest rates as well as commodities and they traded globally as well and I even went to Singapore to set up a trading desk when the exchange closed in Singapore when the floor trading closed in Singapore we need upstairs trading desk and I went out there to set that up and I spent eight years as a vice president of Futures

[02:19] Trading at JPMorgan now this was an actual trading job you know I spent all day on the trading desk I'd come in at you know 5:00 5:30 in the morning leave at 4:30 5:00 o'clock at night and wasn't sitting in some corner office looking at spreadsheets or anything like that no I was on the desk pounding out trades on the on the system there so that's my background so you can understand you know this is what I did for a living this is how I paid my bills

[02:45] and and survived you know so again it wasn't something I just did in the part-time no this is what I did as a job as a career and what I'm presenting here is what I've developed for myself and built my trading career on I hope you can find things that you can use or modify and adapt for your own trading again I don't want to think you have to become a clone of me that that's not going to happen and I don't recommend it honestly you know what you have to do is

[03:10] you take the parts that make sense to you that you can apply in your own trading and you apply it again I'm not saying that you have to follow what I say just because I say it you have to evaluate everything you come across whether it's from me or from other speakers here an investor inspiration and decide if it's going to help you if not you reject it and you move on you find the next thing that's going to help you you know trading is like a puzzle

[03:31] all right you can't fit you know the the round peg into the square hole all right you need the round peg to go into the round hole and if you're trying to trade in a way that's not compatible with you you're not going to be very good at it or very successful at it so let me be clear you know with trading you got to make decisions and that's what trading is about you know order flow is not necessarily a red light green light trading system you know some people like

[03:56] to think it is but it's really it's not when you understand order flow you're gonna understand what the market is doing and your decisions your trading decisions are gonna become very clear so before I begin you know let me just go through a brief disclaimer you know this presentation is for educational and informational purposes only it should not be considered a solicitation to buy or sell a futures contract or make any other type of investment decision futures train contain substantial risk and it's not for every investor an

[04:21] investor could potentially lose all or more than the initial investment risk capital is money that could be lost without jeopardizing one's financial security or lifestyle only risk capital should be used for trading in only those with sufficient risk Apple should consider trading past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results you know the reason why I go through a disclaimer and every every presentation it's cuz I do want you to realize there is risk involved in trading you know it's not risk-free if it was risk-free

[04:46] everybody would do it and we'd all be driving around in Nice fancy cars and you know going to the Yacht Club or the golf club on the weekends but no trading takes work for a lot of people yes I know there's gonna be some people there there's that small minut percentage where things just come naturally to them you know almost like you know like we're sports stars you know they just have a natural talent for it but in general the vast overwhelming majority of traders it

[05:13] they gotta work at it and there's no shame in working at it and trying to learn and that's what I like to do these presentations for is because I want you to open your eyes to new ideas and hopefully you know you can take that and and make some money with it so the first thing I talk about is what is price rejection and how to profit from it so you know I call it the number one reason why traders fail okay but I've got several number one reasons actually but

[05:40] one of the main reasons if not the number one reason traders fail is is they think all prices are created equal and this goes back to indicator based price based trading you know most people you know when it come to training they throw a bunch of indicators on the screen and they go from there and an indicator basically takes you know the traded price and puts it into a formula and comes out with something but not all prices are created equally not all prices are the same and this is

[06:09] especially true when markets make highs or lows you know let me just give you an example you know if you think the market hits a high and trades 3 contracts and then sells off versus a market that makes a high and trades 3,000 contracts and then sells off it's it has different meanings okay you know if it trades a new high in trades you know 60 contracts comes off that's going to be different then if you trade a high and 3000 contracts you know traded at the high

[06:39] and then comes off you know it can be sign of resistance it could be a sign of you know just the market pausing and that's gonna go back up or it could be a sign of you know lack of buyers so it's got different meanings and you know I've got to realize right the market exists to facilitate trade it's gonna find price levels we're both buyers and sellers can trade and be happy in other words it's looking for a fair price that's what the market is doing is

[07:02] looking for a price where traders are happy to transact at a price level so in order to find the spare price level the markets gonna go up and go down all right it's gonna find a fair price level it's gonna trade there that markets gonna move you know perception of value is gonna change then the market is going to find a new fair price level that's what makes the market go up and down and you know market will move up and up as traders buy and buy however as the

[07:29] market reaches its high price level the level where traders think it's too expensive to buy then buying activity becomes less selling we'll start to take over in the market starts to drop and the opposite is true when the market is moving lower and lower as traders sell and sell the market reaches the point where prices are just too cheap to sell anymore and selling activity becomes less and less buying takes over and the market starts to rally give you an example okay say you want to say you

[07:55] have I don't know winter jackets okay and you know you bought a bunch of winter jackets thinking hey you know it's going to be cold this winter so I'm gonna buy these jackets and I could sell them for a high price well the winter is mild all the sudden you're sitting in mid January with it with a boat truckload of winter jackets and you're gonna say well I gotta get my money back so you start selling them and you start lowering the price lowering the price

[08:25] and people are buying them okay but as you lower the price you start thinking hey you know what I'm losing too much money so you start you know you want to recover back some so you sell less and less and then finally like it's just too cheap I'm just gonna hold these put them in the put them in storage in the next year I could sell them at a higher price okay that's where you know that that's in a market that's selling off now think about you know a support level and a

[08:53] good example is this is you got a paper towel you hold it under a sink right then you turn on the sink the water is running and it's a constant you know think of the water is the selling pressure it's a constant you're holding the paper towel well eventually it's gonna break through that support and it's gonna keep going down now if you're holding the paper towel there but instead of you know having a constant stream of water coming down you slowly turn off the water you know where

[09:21] it's just coming down instead of at a constant stream it's just drip drip drip well that level that paper towel is gonna hold why is because the selling pressure which was the water going down is becoming lesser okay and if it's gonna be coming lesser if selling pressure is gonna become lesser and eventually dry up then theoretically the market is going to rally so you know most people you know when they search price rejection on the internet you know they find a chart like this and you know

[09:50] like here the guy has a swing level right that's that line horizontal line going across then he's got you know the candlestick chart where you know it's kind of a shooting star here which shoots up through the level comes back down and this and you know these Internet analysts will say well that's a price rejection you know because we have a level here and price rejected that level well you don't know that prices why that price is rejecting that level is it price rejection because there's no

[10:20] more interest in the market going higher or is it price rejection because there's a lot of resistance up here I mean it could be a big seller here whacking it you know just sitting here waiting to you know hit the sell button when people start bidding it up whereas it's gonna have a different meaning if it's breaks through there and the buying gets lesser and lesser and finally the buying stops and it starts drying down because if this is a support or sorry resistance level and you break up through there and

[10:46] you got a big seller sitting up here you know ready to hit the sell button well what's going to happen when he's you know he sells okay the market comes off but if you come back up people test it again he sells some more comes off a little bit a third time you come back up and he's only got a little bit left to sell and then finally the buyers realize that and they start buying it up and all of a sudden that sellers know longer their markets gonna rally okay

[11:12] but if it's coming up into this area and you just have your normal order flow for example but buying isn't as strong anymore so let's say you know you fifty contracts are bought on the offer than twenty then ten and then five and then that's it you know the last buyer has bought the market's going to reverse and go down because you don't have that buying pressure anymore so you know it's there's different ways to look at this and unless you're looking at the volume you're not going to know so we've got to

[11:43] remember and right no market can move in one direction forever at some points we're gonna become too expensive or too cheap and at some point price rejection appears have traders have basically taken the stance and said you know it's too expensive or too cheap candlesticks okay you know when candlesticks came out or didn't come out in the 90s but you know when they became popular in America in the early 90s you know I jumped all over them you know a visual person I I'm someone that believes the the mind can

[12:13] process images at a much faster rate than text or numbers and you know there's certain candlesticks that under candlestick analysis are price rejection candles you know you got your hammers you've got your shooting stars got doji's to some people but you know the often times you see the charts like this where they circle it well you have a shooting star up here or why haven't they circled this one that failed you know this one is borderline but you know they still have it circled okay but then

[12:46] they'll say well you know we would come down here we tested these two levels and both times you know it rejected these levels well why did it reject those levels is it because there's a strong buyer down here that every time the market tries to push down here buyers come back out and buy it up well that's not price rejection that's price support okay but if you come down in here and you know the selling is weaker the second time that's a sign of price rejection and then the market goes up

[13:11] now I know some people are gonna say well I don't really give a if you know it's price rejection or price support all I cares if it's going to touch this level and rally well okay you know good on you you know the and you know I hope you're successful because you know if me I'm more of a purist in the sense that I want to understand what's happening in the market and make the proper trading decision based on it you know because if if I know there's support here and we're

[13:41] gonna come down in here I'm gonna be watching okay I'm not gonna automatically think that we're gonna hit the support level and rally back up if I see we hit the support level rally up come back down selling is a little weaker and then we come back down again selling is is weaker here then yeah I'm gonna think it's gonna rally but if I come back down and I see selling is strong and we're going to look like we're gonna take out this support level I'm not gonna think the markets gonna

[14:07] rally instead I think the markets going to sell off so a price rejection is a difficult concept for some people to understand because you know they don't look at volume right they just look at a normal bar chart and they treat every price level that's traded as the same they don't take into account volume but the way to understand it I always say he's got to put the market activity into what you do in your everyday life you know in the grocery store when you're shopping for groceries in the jewelry

[14:35] store you know if you're if you're buying something nice for yourself or for your wife and even in dating right you remember there's always a story of the prettiest girl in school doesn't always get asked out to the dance because she's too pretty so people get you know rejected before they even get rejected you know they like psychologically they think well she's not gonna say yes to me because she's pie already has a date so they don't ask you know you go to a jewelry store you

[14:59] know you want to buy a fancy diamond ring or something that's worth a hundred thousand well majority of buyers are going to reject it one day it's too expensive for them they just don't have the money and you know for it maybe handful of people that can afford a hundred thousand dollar diamond ring you know they'll look at it and yeah you know it's probably just a little bit too expensive more than I want to pay so they're not going to do it they're not gonna pay for it so as you go up that

[15:23] triangle of available buyers it gets a lesser and lesser so people are rejecting those higher prices grocery-store the same thing you know if you got your choices with groceries stores you can go to Walmart you go to Meijer you can go to Target you can go to you know jewel or you know whatever your local grocery store is and sometimes you know they they have the same thing but it's got different prices well you're not going to buy like the the the watermelon at at a little Meijer

[16:00] if it's five dollars for one watermelon but you're gonna but you might be interested to buy it if it's you know at Walmart for three dollars you know you're gonna reject the higher price so that happens all the time even in grocery stores you don't realize it but what you're doing you know people say you're shopping around but you know what you're doing is actually rejecting the higher priced items or where you know you can get it for a lower price and price rejection is a fundamental

[16:27] aspect of the market that's overlooked by many traders because they can't define it and like I said you know with the order flow you can define it it's because you're looking at the volume otherwise you're just guessing that's why you know people don't really talk about price rejection all everyone likes to talk about is support and resistance because it's easy to draw a line on a chart where the part market has touched two or three times and say well this is support and this is resistance when

[16:52] sometimes it's not you know and like I said you know some people don't are gonna say I don't care you know all I care about is if the market hit there two or three times you know that's I'm gonna take a trade based off it but yeah what I'm trying to say the point I'm trying to make is you can make a better trading decision if you just take a second to look at the volume that's going through there is it lighter than normal or is it consistent with you know

[17:18] normal trading that's going on if it's consistent with normal trading that's going on not all support or all resistance is going to hold it's not in the if in a thing where every time we come down to that price level it's gonna hold forever no at some point it's going to break through so if we're trading you know average to above-average volume when you test a support or resistance level you know the second third or even fourth time eventually gonna get through that level but if you test that level

[17:45] the second or third time and the volume is a lot lighter the selling pressure is a lot lighter if you're coming into a support area there's a very good chance that the markets going to bounce up off that level it's not gonna break through it because the selling pressure is just not there to move it through that support level so when you're able to identify when prices are being rejected you can position yourself in the direction of the ensuing move you know in price rejection often occurs at market highs

[18:11] and market lows and more importantly price rejection can also appear just after a high or just after all always made and I'll get into another aspect of it is to see it in a move also it happens in a move you know in in as if market is moving in a direction you see signs in the volume that you know it's rejecting the lower prices if a market is moving up or if a markets moving down you could see there's times where it's rejecting the higher prices when it

[18:37] tries to come back so if you can determine a higher low is being made that's going to present you a great trading opportunity to catch a potential big move that's what we all want to do we want to catch a big moves so price rejection as moves start so this is the euro currency and it's a five-minute chart you can see down here where this arrow is there's signs of price rejection in the order flow that's the you know and right before the market put in this big move up to new highs you

[19:04] know 143 30 32 all the way up to you know 114 68 there's another example there's also the euro currency you know you got your swing high up here signs of price rejection then you start coming off you got two more signs of price rejection on the way down so say you're not convinced yet yeah you know what Mike you're crazy I don't think that's price rejection up there then what happens on the move down you sort of hit this area where you start going sideways

[19:34] but at the tops of these bars you're seeing some signs of price rejection and then the market sells off and again just after the high is made you know you hit your high up here then the next bar it tries to circle back up there maybe make a run at that high to take it out but you're seeing signs of price rejection then the market just sells off from there so price rejection what is it it's when high prices are rejected by buyers as being too expensive

[20:05] and buyers don't want to overpay for something no one wants to over pays for something you know whether it's in real life or whether it's in trading in the markets yeah and low prices are rejected by sellers as being too cheap and sellers don't want to see to sell at such low prices again you know think of it in real life terms you know if you're trying to sell something right say you want to to sell your you know your used desk you know on Facebook you know

[20:33] there's Facebook markets is you know it's a great place to buy stuff that's used this great example you know you want to sell your used desk on there and you think it's worth $100 you put it up there nobody wants to buy it you know and maybe some guy comes in well I'll give you 20 bucks for it well you're not gonna sell it to him because you think that's too cheap and you know that that's a microcosm of the whole bid you know the bid-ask market right there you

[21:00] know you might say ad and go back and forth with him but you know maybe you got no interest maybe nobody even comes in is interested in your desk because they think oh it's too expensive I don't wanna buy it so no one bids and you lower to 80 still nothing you know like what do I do now you know do I sell out at 50 bucks or do you think god you know what 50 bucks I'm better off just keeping it you know that's that's price

[21:20] rejection on the downside all right if you know so you collect baseball cards and there's a card that you want but it's you know very expensive yeah you're not gonna buy it because it's too expensive you can wait for maybe for it to come down before you come in and start buying it so price rejection the second thing I talk about with price rejection is why price rejection allows you to catch trends when they begin and you know every trader has access to the same information I always say this it's

[21:49] how you use the information that makes the difference yeah so you know this information and the information in the order flow volume footprint chart this information everyone has access to you don't need level-2 level-3 data you just need your regular data feed from the exchange which goes through your broker or you go through kinetic or through IQ feed or whoever saw a data feed you're using it it comes with the basic subscription you don't need level two you don't need to pay extra for that and you know so it boggles my mind

[22:20] sometimes why people don't use this information you know it's and instead of trying to guess the future direction of the market you just listen and and see what the market is telling you the direction is going to be and you trade it you know it's it's like you know the best thing you know there's a scene and in I forgot what it was one of those not Iron Man with all those vengers movies you know or Captain America you know Thor comes in and then you know you have

[22:49] Iron Man there and Iron Man gets all upset because Thor took his brother Loki but you know so Captain America well does the Iron Man well what's your plan of attack he says well that's my plan attack and it's like what's your trading plan well my plan is to trade you know rather than sit around wait for confirmation you know I'm gonna try to try and wait or guess the future direction because I got a certain pattern for me no you got a trade I mean

[23:12] that's what traders do no firms don't hire traders to sit around and and wait for confirmation and wait for trades to hire traders to trade and make money for them and you know what comes to trend trading we've all heard these sayings you know the trend is your friend trade in the direction of the trend you know let your winners run you know we've all heard those and more and and those are solid pieces of information you know I admit you know I I subscribe to those

[23:36] sayings as well you know I'm not here to dispel those I mean those are a common basic tenets of trading got a trade in direction of the trend and you gotta let your winners run you'll cut your losers and let your winners run and that's where price rejection can help you you know if the trend is your friend well you want to get in on the trend as early as possible all right you don't want to necessarily wait for confirmation and give up extra ticks or extra pips in the

[24:00] market you want to get in as soon as they're signs of price rejection you know you can see this this low here you got signs the price rejection this high signs of price rejection you don't need to wait you know well I'm gonna wait for a double bottom to form or a double top to form to get short no I know there's a that this high up here there's price rejection I'm gonna get short I know there's price rejection at this low I'm gonna get long and then in the direction

[24:23] of the trend say I'm long from this low you know if I get a sign in here that hey you know even though it's starting to sell off they're still rejecting these lower prices you can ride this you know four more so how do you catch a trend early well you have to identify a market inflection point you know a point where prices are being rejected is too cheap or too expensive and again you know you want to get in a SAP as soon as possible and one of the ways is single

[24:51] prints single prints is an easy way to see price rejection in a bar and it's used when taken in context of the market in a hole okay and what is a single print the single print occurs when the last buyers have bought at a high or the last sellers have sold at the low and this was a piece of advice that I got from Tom to mark you know one of the great market analysts you know I think you know in the last 30 years that you

[25:18] know pie doesn't get as much recognition as as you should because he actually deals more on the institutional side but you know he told me that when the last buyer has bought the markets gonna not go higher any more when the last seller has sold the markets not gonna sell off anymore and you have to realize these areas of price rejection or some people refer to them as price exhaustion you know order flow analytics copy this you know I released this in 2015 in the first version of my order closed trader

[25:51] software and now the most recent release of order flow analytics they've added it in there they call it single print exhaustion I usually just referred to it a single print by also we refer to it as as rejection and what did we do is we draw on the order flows trader software we draw a box around the single print on the red on the down candle on the red bar it'll appear on the top appear on the top on a green candle it'll be a green box at the bottom of the bar now

[26:21] now when I said you know you take it in context of the market don't just think well I got a single print I get short or I get long take the overall market context okay and what do you have here you got a market to trailin you got some single prints price rejection okay you come back up and make a new high at that new high you got single print as you start coming off single print single print single print this is interesting too because people

[26:47] always ask me Mike you know I have my own way of market analysis what how can I use order flow or what piece of water flow can I use to complement that you know cuz what they want to do is they want to refine their entries you find their exits you know maybe they have a way of finding support resistance you know maybe they use fib numbers maybe they get you know pivot levels from someone and you know really what they want to look for is is better entries or

[27:14] better exits and you know how can they use it and I often say use you know start with single prints and see how price reacts around a resistance level you know if you have a resistance level up here and you're seeing single print single print single print single print all right around that resistance level you could be fairly confident in getting short yeah you can say well the market popped up here well you know sometimes when you when you're trading a level and the market is rallying doesn't turn

[27:39] around right at the level it oftentimes can overshoot that level just to touch that's why it's called you know a support and resistance level not a Swart and resistance price but single prints are great in that in that respect price rejection is being too cheap you know this sort of goes to what I was saying about you know using it in the direction of the trend I'm going to talk about more this more in a minute is the other markets moving up every time we sort of

[28:09] come down here go sideways I think I sign a price rejection in the market makes another higher highs then you start going sideways boom a single print price rejection down here and the market is rejecting these lower prices as it tests it to try and go lower it's not going lower and then the market keeps you know going on up in that direction so how do you trade in the direction of the trend is you go with the momentum of the market there often times there are

[28:39] signs of price rejection as a move is underway and you know think of it like a boat right when you're driving a boat you notice there's no brakes on a boat you just don't stop the boat it still has forward momentum but if you just kill the engine a little bit you know and you slow down you know you might be you're still making awake you know if you understand boating you know you're still going forward but you're sort of rejecting the how to say it you know it's not the best

[29:10] example but you know trends move with momentum okay and oftentimes as the market keeps moving in that direction it's got momentum and you can see signs little trails little breadcrumbs so to speak of price rejection in that move and the good thing is you know when you see those signs of price rejection that's your confirmation that you're on the right side of the trade when I say confirmation you know waiting put you're in the trade already and this just reassures you that you're on the right

[29:39] side of the trend you know lots of times we get into trades and we think we're on the right side but we're actually not you know if you're along here and you see these signs of price rejection hey that's that's great you know if you're short right so you say hey you know I think this is swing high you get short okay I got a sign a price rejection here a bearish sign but then you run into this and the market starts turning around and you're like well you know I'm

[30:02] gonna hold it a little bit no you get out because the signs are no longer there but if you're a long you know from down below you know before this chart started and you come in here you're like well maybe should I get in shy stay in shy stay out get out when you see a sign of price rejection there that's that's reassuring you okay stay long as you start going up okay you can stay long as you keep going higher get another example you know you got your single

[30:29] print down here at the low start rallying okay hey I got a single print that's good I got another single print here you know as we hit this this first down bar right you're going up you're thinking oh my gosh we're starting to go gonna sell off oh you better get out but then you look okay I could see in the volume I got a single print there okay that's reassuring I can stay under then you know you see some other things in the order flow you see a prominent point

[30:51] of control you see a stacked imbalance and the market starts continuing on back up and then even got another single print here another single print there just to confirm that you know what you're on the right side you're going in the right direction you know if you're getting short off this oh my gosh I got a double top here I better get short well then you run into the single print here that's probably not a good short but you know a lot of people say what

[31:15] you got to look left they say okay well I came up here we tested this double top and we're gonna sell off well no that's what I'm telling you it's down here at these lower levels prices being rejected price rejection single prints and a trend same thing right off the low this is the low bar here you have a divergence single print as you come up here shot going sideways single print and make new highs so how does see price rejection using order flow well that's

[31:45] what most people hear on this presentation for us because they want to see how they can use order flow to see price rejection and there's a hard way and there's easy way what's the hard ways you can take years by sitting in front of a trading screen and watching the market day in day out without blowing your brains out or throwing the your computer off the window cuz trading is boring honestly you guys sit in front of a trading screen and you're not making any money doing it you're gonna

[32:12] lose interest you know you're gonna start mines gonna start wandering and go to Facebook go to whatever you know Google or Drudge and your attention is not going to be there now the easy way is to use software that is gonna do the analysis for you now the order flow is trader software which I develop has several tools that's gonna highlight price rejection and I talked briefly just earlier on single prints but there's more advanced tools out there the oracles ratio and price rejecter software add-on now and I told you about

[32:46] single prints finally being adopted by some of the other software vendors out there like overflowing analytics now the ratio is also when I released the original version of order flows trader in 2015 the ratios was something that I was the only one using because I was only one I don't say I invented it but you know maybe some other guy somewhere around the world has invented it and you know a couple years before me you never told anyone but I was actually doing this analysis in my head or on a

[33:12] calculator when I go and you know the math you know was not too difficult but you know then the numbers were big that was not as easy for me to figure out but I had the ratios in the single prints in in 2015 in the first version of Oracle's trader we've since done a an upgrade to the order flows trader earlier this year where we've added in a few more indicators to help you use in analyzing the order flow and the order flows ratio also you know copied by a lot of other

[33:46] people and I don't mind people copying my ideas and putting them out there but you know some people are cool about it they want to give me your name recognition you know I don't need monetary recognition per se but you know say hey you know this is concept first put forth by my cat over flows but you know it just kills me sometimes when people take this idea then they they try to package it up into something fancy like oh this is our order flow volume

[34:11] Delta L goal and things like that or the order flow volume ratio algo you know they think that they throw in the word Algol people always an algo I better buy it you know you should really just learn how to trade rather than just go buy shiny objects out there and the price rejecter software is an additional software that just it runs also an intra trader or what a normal bar chart but it it reads the order flow doesn't deal with the ratios it reads a different

[34:40] part of the order flow to find price rejection you know it deals with order flow imbalances and price action so it's is it's it's a further step in order flow analysis so again let's just briefly a single print occurs when there's a single volume print volume between 0 and 9 contracts at the bottom bid side of a green candle which indicates sellers in that bar have dried up as the market was moving lower this is a bullish single print the opposite is true for a bearish single print the

[35:12] top offer side has a volume between 0 and 9 at the top offer side this indicates that buyers we're starting to dry up the people have lost interest in buying basically and again you know it's gonna show it'll on the software when you load the template it's going to take the information that's available to everybody right you don't need level 2 or level 3 information just your normal data feed with bid-ask data if you're using Interactive Brokers it's not really recommended because they're David their data the way it's it's sort

[35:46] of aggregated on a time basis rather than as trades occur so single prints you know all the information all the bid-ask what's trade on the bid and was traded on the ask is taken and the software takes it and puts it into a nice easy to read format you know so you can see single print so you could see other things in there but what I'm talking about right now is single prints so I'm showing you a single print single print single print single print single print here here as the markets

[36:15] moving higher now the next thing I'll talk about is the ratios and this is a prop tool that I created helped me see where price rejection or support appears in the order flow and ratios measure the order flow occurring in a bar depending on the ratio can mean price support or it can mean price rejection and in this presentation I'm gonna just talk about the ratios that indicate price rejection and every bar is going to have a ratio okay and some indicate price rejection some indicate price supports you know

[36:54] the ratios that have no bearing one way or the other which is actually the majority of ratios on the chart is your normal order full right markets facility you know exists to facilitate trade that's why markets were invented so people can contribute and transfer the risk and again you know when I see people putting out you know copying some ideas they don't explain it fully so you don't really understand what you're looking at and you know when you get my software you know I explained it so you

[37:24] know what you're looking at and can understand and make a good decision so there's different types of ratios you know there's a big number ratio there's a small number ratio and each one has a different meaning so they're either gonna be blue or black black ratios they appear above the red candle or below a green candle it's just your normal order flow there's nothing special about that bar in the order flow but blue numbers above a red candle or blue numbers below a green candle green is a bullish ratio

[37:52] I'm sorry a blue number below a green candle is a bullish ratio a blue number above a red candle is a bearish ratio and you see how oftentimes the markets turned at a bar with a blue number blue number blue number now here no here no but you know that's information in the order flow to help you catch these market turning points okay like I said you know sometimes the market it has got black numbers right that's just the normal order flow that's going through just a normal trade being

[38:26] facilitated but there's times in the Oracle that things are very obvious and that's what we try to highlight to you with the ratios and as you can see here right bullish ratio the markets going up bearish ratio the markets going down bearish ratio the market goes down markets going back up you got a bullish ratio price rejection again you know you got a you got a high up here you got a divergence so you got a new high with negative Delta that's one of divergences start coming off but then you go

[38:55] sideways in here well at this point you're thinking well what are we going to do we're gonna go back up test that higher we're gonna sell off you know as a trader you got to make these decisions you know some people will say oh I'm gonna wait for confirmation I'm gonna wait for the market to come back up here then sell off or see if we reject that price etc well you don't need to you can trade all right you can see you got price rejection price rejection price

[39:14] rejection in the ratios and what happens eventually the market sells off you know this is a move from the 2867 area all the way down a 28:57 area in the snps okay again you know watch the ratios watch where they appear here you got your bullish ratio market goes up well you'd even take it back here from the beginning here you know infinity well don't worry about that one for now but you know okay so you got a bearish ratio markets just going sideways they got

[39:46] bullish ratio the market goes up bearish ratio market comes down bullish ratio market goes back up bearish ratios the market starts selling off again I'm not trying to say it's a red light green light system but it helps you analyze the market so you could be on the right side of the market okay it blends great market to trade you know people always ask me hey you know what's the market I in trade I got a full-time job but I want to watch the market well wake up in

[40:11] the morning and trade buns it's a great contract trades on your ex it starts at 1:00 a.m. Chicago time and 2:00 a.m. is is the cash open so liquidity really starts to pick up after 2:00 a.m. but you know you can trade it from 2:00 a.m. until 6:00 a.m. if you go to work you can see here bearish ratio bears ratio bearish ratio bearish ratio price rejection are these three right here so you know as he hit this high you got signs of price rejection and the market

[40:39] just sells off naturally so you know these are the ratios that are in the order flows trader software so what if you can't read order flow what you don't want to read order for people Mike you know I don't have time to read order flow I mean gosh it's so many numbers I don't like numbers I'm a math phobic number phobic what can you do for me well that's where this tool the price rejecter comes in handy and it analyzes the order flow imbalances and price

[41:09] action and it works the great thing is it works on a normal bar chart as well as the volume footprint chart so this is the price rejector right oh this is a normal bar chart okay and when you lay the price rejector on top of it voila you see signs of price rejection signs the price rejection signs of price rejections signs of price rejection now people say wall doesn't pick every single high and low well of course not I mean come on it's reading the order for

[41:38] looking for signs of price rejection in the order flow not every bar is going to exhibit price rejection there are points in time when it is exhibited in the order flow and those are the times that you got to take advantage of it and a perfect example is you know people like take for example this high here okay well you have the price rejector kick it in here it comes back up here now I know a lot of people will say well I got to get short here well okay the first time

[42:08] you traded there you have signs of price rejection and then you sold off through an area we got signs of price rejection down here now as you come back up you got a watch are we getting lesser and lesser I mean you can put an offer in here to try and the ensuing double swing double top and sell-off but if you're watching the the order flow you watching the volume and you see the volume is heavier now than it was earlier there's a good chance that it's gonna get through there and

[42:34] keep going higher because like I said you know we rejected these prices or buyers rejected these prices you don't necessarily know there was strong sellers there but if you're coming back up here and buyers are no longer rejecting those prices things have changed in the market and we can keep going higher again you know this is the price rejecter again on NASDAQ you know it gets some nice moves in here euro currency and again you know you got to watch you know what when you test these

[43:11] levels again you know is buying still stronger as buying weaker or selling is it strong or is it weak you know there's more than one ways to approach the market you know everyone always says well I have a method of trading the market when it works or it's great when it doesn't work doesn't work well you need more than one way you know you got diversify so to speak rather than just have one way I mean there's you know if you have a store all right selling phone chargers well

[43:41] you know I can just sell an apple charger now you got to add you know Android chargers you got to add some of these stupid stupid me add some of these little Chinese phones that have the other different chargers even Nokia's got a different charger so you got a diversify you're gonna add different product lines and with trading you gotta have different trade different ways of analyzing the market different trade setups this is how it looks on a volume footprint chart you know you got the

[44:08] swing high you got the price rejector right after the stack buying imbalance you know a lot of people say I got stacked buying balance I got to buy but okay if you're watching the order flow and you have a tool like the price rejecter you can see well you know prices are being rejected up here okay so if I'm wrong they are it would be very hesitant and instead I'd be looking to cut my loss as soon as possible rather than letting myself get stopped out at a lower price then down here you

[44:31] got some signs of price rejection first time you hit this low second time again you know you still see in some price rejection in this bar even though you made a new low okay maybe you got took a trade here you got stopped out but then okay well you know what I still see price rejection you know sometimes that's how the market does it doesn't automatically just turn on a dime sometimes it makes that one or two last little poke through before it turns around and puts in the

[44:54] monster rally so even if you got stopped out here you still got to take your trade you know this is the problem that I see with a lot of traders is they have a loss okay say they take this trade here they have a loss and then it's like also now they're gonna handicap their trading system they say well I had a loss so I'm gonna wait for the next train to be a winner before I get in well then you're gonna what you're doing is you're hindering yourself you're

[45:15] affecting your performance because you're not gonna take this next trade because you just suffered a loss psychologically you know that's what that comes down to the mental side of training but you know a lot of traders you know I had this loss I I don't know if I trust this method of trading then what happens is they don't take the next trade and this is what it looks like you know that's why you got to have a trading plan where you can define now how much you're gonna risk on a trade

[45:39] and how many losers you know you can withstand and if it's too much for you to withstand you got a rewrite redraw your trading plan so hopefully by now you can see how powerful order flow analysis is in determining price rejection again don't overcomplicate trading people like to over complicate things that's human nature you know whether it's in trading or whether it's in real life and hopefully if you found this helpful you'll really like my overflows trader 2.0 software package and what it is it consists of the order flows trader 2.0

[46:18] for mt8 ninja trader 8 it works on ninja trader 8 it's the volume footprint chart with seven pre-programmed order flow indicators already in there you know people they like to keep selling your new indicators I don't like the necessary even though I have additional indicators I feel it's complimentary for it you know that's not the whole core where I say here's the volume footprint chart now you gotta buy all these different seven indicators that's why I put these tools in there so that you already have tools that you can use in

[46:43] your trading and you're gonna get my chart templates so your charts will look like this all right I don't want you to sit here and stare at a blank screen thinking ugh what do I got to do how do I set this up you know it doesn't make sense and you know I said you know we're not all born in the matrix we don't have chips implanted in our head that we can figure out everything there is about computing you know that's why I throw my chart

[47:06] template in there so you can get your chart to look like mine in a few clicks little you just click copy and paste it into the chart folder and normally I sell the software by itself for $8.99 but I realized that having order flow software is one thing you gotta know how to use it and that's what bothers me a lot about you know software vendors you know it's a slimy business honestly because people take other people's ideas put them out as their own and they don't

[47:35] understand how to use them in the first place and then it's just you know it's misinformation and fake news in the trading world so to speak fake information and this is what I call it as I give you additional in the in education right I want you to understand order flow I want you to learn how to trade order flow I don't want to just give you a fish I want to teach you how to fish and so what I got is for you is if you buy the software I give you

[48:01] access to the order flow trading course and I sell this normally for $300 to 97 it's 15 hours of video instruction and it really covers all the bases of learning order flow okay and you know people buy this regularly I mean especially people that have other trading software you know people that use sierracharts people that use off and oft people that use ofa and and you know some of these other you know go me that they want to learn order flow they see it they like I'm interested but it's so

[48:29] freakin complicated I can't get my head around it sometimes but I know there's value in it they get the core so then you know they're able to understand it better someone give you access to that for free but you know again for I know that you're watching this video this video this webinar is because you're really interested in furthering your knowledge in order flow so I also give you access to my Oracle inner circle video series there's 56 videos on advanced order flow I don't call them

[48:59] tricks but you know forms of analysis tips on trading that you're not gonna get anywhere else this is proprietary information I created this inner circle video series actually for my kids because you know they're still young my oldest is is turning six this year and you know if they want to learn how to trade you know if anything happens from you or whatever suffer a stroke or something at least I'll have this information that they can go go on to to watch and learn and you

[49:28] know go from there if they want to learn how to trade you know hopefully I'll be able to sit down with them and teach them but right now they're more interested in watching peppa pig videos on YouTube then watching videos on the market but you know hopefully you know in time you know this is there for them to learn how to trade as well so you know and yeah it's it's also for you you know so you can learn how to trade you know that's why I created these these

[49:55] videos is to expand the knowledge space that's out there so you know you add up the software the the training the inner circle video that's 1693 already it's the 1693 but you know even because investor inspiration always invites me back and i really appreciate the chance to speak with people it's great because they've made you know some good friendships with people honestly that that I've met through these webinars I'm gonna give access to the trader kickstart training which deals with the mental side of trading it deals with the

[50:29] psychology of trading you know we don't understand our own selves you know people I say you got to do research on the market you also have to do me search you know you have to look inwards and see where your strengths are where your weaknesses are and develop those and sometimes it's not so much as taking the parts that don't work in your trading and just disregarding them you also have to take the parts that do work and go take it a step further from there so

[50:59] I'll give you access to that normal I sell that for 297 so you start adding it up it's almost two thousand dollars it's 1990 1990 dollars but you're not gonna pay that I can pay anywhere near that he's gonna pay a one-time payment of eight hundred ninety nine dollars so you go to order flows calm slash PR and take you to the page where you can sign up there's no more monthly payments I'm not gonna shake you down in a year say all you got to pay another yearly fee no

[51:23] that's it it's $8.99 and you can also for the next three traders they're gonna get the price of rejecter tool now the additional software that runs on the ninja trader platform so you could put it on there so you could see these areas of price rejections in the bars you know whether you use a bar chart or whether you know I believe you should it's better for you as a trader to use a volume footprint chart but you're gonna get that for free so you know you're

[51:51] gonna have another way to increase your success at trading and again you know you add all that up it's you know two thousand two hundred ninety dollars but you're not gonna pay that again you just gonna pay $8.99 and you know other people have said to me you know they've posted these online Mike your order flows trader software is remarkably helpful because I can clearly see now what's really happening in the market like for example who's in control of the market on a very specific time and who's

[52:20] getting weaker as well I love the idea of your ratios printed above or at the bottom of the bar to gauge of prices rejected or defended you know there's other people saying nice things about the software you know if you take the time to learn it you know again it's it's not something that if you think you just gonna install it on your system and not you know understand what you're seeing you know or rather not take the time to you know read one of the user

[52:47] guides you know I also give you guides on how to you know setups to look for or what things mean in the market I mean you do have to take some initiative on yourself you have to want to learn you know honestly if you just want somebody if you're just gonna be the type that's gonna buy it sit back and think okay computers start spitting out money no it's not gonna do that and you know I save yourself the time and energy don't buy the software but if you really want

[53:11] to learn how to trade I suggest you buy the software and you know one of the things I've even talked about in here but we have a weekly live group training session it's live it's like this webinar well this webinar is also recorded the weekly training sessions are also recorded if you're not able to attend like say you're in Europe but it's held every Monday night 7 p.m. Central Time and I get on a call with screen sharing and you're free to ask questions you know if you have a problem

[53:40] setting up your chart I can answer your those questions there if you got a question about you know it was a good broker or whatever anything related to the markets you can ask and I'll answer you know let's say hey Mike Gail what should I look for in Delta I'll tell you what should I look for in imbalances I'll tell you what's the what's a good chart type filling to use I'll tell you you know that's what it's there for it's for me for you to ask questions to me and I'm

[54:05] there every week so you know where I am so you can't say a lot Mike I can't reach you I sent you an email I can't reach you you know that's where I am I'm alive there you can talk to me live you know what other software does that one of the software offers that so when you do is you go to order flows comm /p r dot HTML takes you to this page scroll down here and you can see here you get the order flows trader 2.0 for 899 the

[54:32] trading course the inner circle video series access to the trader kickstart as well and for the next three traders then you get the price rejecter indicator for anti 8 again you know I'm going to take this down when the three traders have signed up so if you still see it you still got a chance to get it I just click buy now I want this you know you have to want it you know in life when you want something you got to take action it takes you to PayPal I don't

[54:56] get your credit card information I don't want your credit card information Rather's it's the third party most people are familiar with PayPal but if you ever bought anything online you probably use PayPal most people have a PayPal account just make sure your paypal email address is current because that's where the information after you buy will be sent to some people like to buy something through PayPal on an email address that they don't use anymore than they complain that they haven't gotten it does because you haven't checked your

[55:22] hooks your paypal email address I don't know that your paypal email address is different than your normal email address so please please make sure you're using your correct email address so go to auto close comm / PR and again you know why should you join order flows is because you can see the power of order flow analysis and how it can change your trading understand what's happening in the markets you know you're excited to find low-risk trading opportunities and most importantly you want a life of freedom

[55:50] and fulfillment that's why people come to trading is because they want freedom you know they don't want to necessarily be chained to a desk all day long you know they want fulfilment they want time to be able to spend with their family you know honestly I had a good life working in the corporate world and but I didn't have the freedom I didn't have the fulfillment you know fortunately it was just ironic that I was in the trading industry and yeah I made a decent living you know I was able

[56:16] to you know travel the world and do things that a lot of people just aren't but I didn't have that freedom because I was sort of chained was until I left the corporate world and training for myself that I realized what sort of freedom I have you know I've got three kids now and you know there's been time with them as they're growing up send them to school you know go on vacation with them is is fantastic you know just a simple taking them to the Menards shop you know

[56:41] to buy something for the house is special to me so I hope you know you can see how trading can give you that that freedom and again you know like I said it's not like some people say ah Mike's out there just gave me money no I'm not I really wanted you to help help you learn how to trade and become successful in training that's why I do the weekly live group training sessions so you could have access to me on a weekly basis and ask your questions and you

[57:07] know it's it's I really enjoy it honestly you know I get people sending me emails now saying sending me in their charts during the week saying hey you know what this is why I picked up in your weekly session you know show me some some of the setups and trades that they've taken and we're successful so act now go to order flows calm slash PR and and join so I can you know I can't stress this enough stop flushing your money down the toilet people think they

[57:34] gotta buy everything on trading no you just gotta be selective in what you buy buy things that you think are going to help you in trading so again go now to order closed comm / PR so thanks everyone have a great weekend and you know hope to see you guys on the inside and see you there in our weekly live group training session for members on Monday night so bye-bye

---------------------------------------------------------------
