---
video_number: 3
inferred_title: "Orderflows Price Rejector Preview How To Find Areas Of Price Rejection For Market Reversals"
inferred_date: "2016-05-29"
video_id: "NeSyYhLqDU4"
source_vtt: "20160529 - Orderflows Price Rejector Preview How To Find Areas Of Price Rejection For Market Reversals [NeSyYhLqDU4].en.vtt"
word_count: 9243
segment_count: 1299
---

# Orderflows Price Rejector Preview How To Find Areas Of Price Rejection For Market Reversals
*Date:* 2016-05-29  |  *Video ID:* NeSyYhLqDU4  |  *Words:* 9243
*Source VTT:* `20160529 - Orderflows Price Rejector Preview How To Find Areas Of Price Rejection For Market Reversals [NeSyYhLqDU4].en.vtt`

---

[00:00] Hi everyone, welcome to the price rejector preview. My name is Michael Valtos. I'm the founder and trader at orderflows.com. First, a brief disclaimer. This presentation is for educational andformational purposes only and should not be considered a solicitation to buy or sell a futures contract or make any other type of investment decision. Futures trading contains substantial risk and is not for every investor. An investor could potentially lose all or more than the initial investment. Risk capital is money that can be lost without jeopardizing one's financial security or

[00:29] lifestyle. Only risk capital should be used for trading and only those with sufficient risk capital should consider trading. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Okay. So what I'm going to talk about today is the new indicator that we had programmed. It's called the price rejector. And what it means or why we called it the price rejector is because it's going to give you an indication when price appears to be rejected in the market. Now, you know, if you're a regular order flows user, my usual

[01:01] software, you know, the main way I I look at orders flows being rejected is with the ratios. You know, when you see, you know, a blue number, it's sort of at the end of a move like here and here. That's a sign of rejection. However, there's another sign of rejection. When this one is more of a macro view, I say macro view, but you know, more of a longer term view in the market. uh you know when you're looking at this individual bar it's based on this bar that you're getting

[01:29] the ratio whereas a price rejector is taking into account a few other things. It's taken into account the volume in a bar volume in the bottom of a bar you know after a move that's happened. It calculates you know that a move's happened. It also calculates you know the price action of the bar that the bar you know there has to be you know for a buy signal it has to be indicating that there's buying going on and for a sell signal has to indicate that there's

[01:56] selling going on and it has to be you know like I said at the you know after a move that's happened you mean if you're looking for a reversal you have to have a move to reverse you can't reverse something you know when you're sort of in the middle of an area so you know the price rejector takes into accounts a few things. You know, it takes into account that a move has already occurred. It takes into account that volume has been decreasing, takes into account

[02:24] that opposite price action has been happening. So, you know, if the market's been selling off, what you want to see, you want to see the selling decrease and you want to see buying increase. And the last one is some form of market imbalance. Now, you know, markets move because it's looking for a fair price to trade for people to trade. And you know, a lot of people will call that the noise in the market where the market just trades back and forth. Well, that's not really noise. I mean, what's

[02:56] happening is trade is being facilitated. The market's doing what it's supposed to do. Once it moves away from a fair price to an unfair price, that's where you're going to get often times you're going to get rejection. That's where the price rejector comes in. So, you know, it's looking at basically, you know, the four factors that I just explained. So, you know, I'll just sort of walk you through a few charts. It was designed, you know, all my indicators are designed to run on an orderflows chart. I think that works

[03:22] best. I think that you should not just take trading signals blind. You have to take everything in in context of the market. I mean obviously with the indicators like the delta scalper and the orderflows trader you know looking at it order flows chart will you know I think will make it better because then you could analyze what's actually happening in the markets. So I'm just going to run through uh a few days of charts here. This is the E- mini. This is a five range chart. This is uh the 13th of May,

[03:52] Friday the 13th. And here you go. Okay. It's going to be the signal. Usually I I don't like to have the the the zone drawn out. You you can adjust that. If you're looking for it to be a support or resistance level, you might want to have the zone. In this example, I I put the zone in there. This the zone. You can adjust the length on how many bars out you want it to be. I have it set at five, but I do like to have a hash, a

[04:15] green hash for a buy and a red hash for a cell. When you see the cell, you you'll see a red hash up there. And so, okay, here we go. This is uh 7:30 in the morning. you have a a buy signal right here and you know the market went up right it reversed off this move down and then you know we sort of hit our swing high came back down and you're seeing another area of price rejected and and the market went back up here uh scroll

[04:42] forward here's one it failed this is a sell this was a you know you see the the red hash there again you can adjust you know if if you're using my software you can you know if you don't adjust it it's going to go right over it You can adjust it, you know, if you want a little bit higher, a little bit lower. I think if you put zero in, it'll appear right on top of of the top uh volume. But, you know, I mean, it's or you can adjust the

[05:06] colors. And, you know, right now I got dark red on this this chart. If if I had a lighter red, then I'd be able to see through it. But, you know, this was an area where, you know, it was giving you a signal that, you know, possible price rejection. It didn't happen. You know, market just went sideways. often times, you know, what you're going to have is, you know, like I said, a market's going to move from a fair fair price to an unfair price and then back to a fair

[05:30] price. Now, that doesn't mean that it's just going to bounce back up and down. You know, sometimes it's going to take a market a while to find the fair price. So, you have your first signal here that maybe there's there's a there's price up here, you know, some price rejection and it's just rejecting the market. But, it doesn't reject it. It just goes sideways. Usually, if it's just going sideways on you, that that's a good sign that it may just sort of continue. Again, you know, just because

[05:56] market's looking for a fair price doesn't mean it's going to hit a high and come off. It can just keep going until it finds that fair price. Right now, it kind of paused here and, you know, you didn't get the sell-off that you're looking for if you're short. I mean, obviously, if you're trading, you should be using some form of tight stops. You know, your tight stops would just be right on the other side of of this high. You know, it's not going to be, you know, four or five

[06:19] ticks past this high and this is a five range chart. You know, you should have a tight a tight stop. But I mean, here you're getting moves of, you know, you saw earlier this move here was, you know, what 55 up to 59. You know, here it was 50, you know, whatever 54 and a half all the way up to, you know, basically back up to 59 again. Okay. So, you know, is it worth risking, you know, a point, a point and a half, you know,

[06:43] to get a few points, you know, three points, four points profit? I I think so. Okay, hang on here. So, you know, again, what you're looking for, you know, is are these areas here. Again, you don't have to use, you know, these zones drawn out. You know, I have them here, so it's a little bit easier to see in this video. Hang on, my computer's acting up. It's because I got a lot of charts on my screen running. Okay. So, okay. Was there there was no

[07:17] sell up here. Let's see. So, we came back down and again, you know, down here again at around this 56 56 and a half level, you're seeing some signs of price rejecting. Now, you have a ratio as well, which is, you know, an extra I'll say extra bonus, but, you know, it's a sign that you're seeing price rejection. You know, ideally, that's why I like to use it with the orderflow chart. It will run on a normal bar chart. I'll go over some bar chart examples with you a bit

[07:45] later on. And you know these any of these trades have the ratios? I don't think so. I mean ideally you know you you'd want to get some sort of you know confluence. Okay here there's no ratio. There there's no ratio. Um this one you did have a ratio you know which by itself is indicating price rejection. Okay. Okay. So, you know, the market did pop up, you know, 57 and a quarter or what to 60 before coming back off. You know, again, it's not a trade

[08:15] that's going to go to infinity. You know, this is a five range chart. I mean, you know, that's the thing that that bothers me sometimes with with traders, especially newer traders, is they think every trade has got to go to in go to infinity. It's got to last in infinite amount of of time. You know, when you're trading, market goes up, goes down, things change in the market. So, you know, if if you're again, if you're using an orderflows chart, you know, what's the sign that that oops

[08:43] that that things have changed? You know, if you're seeing a selling imbalance in here, so if you're long in here, all of a sudden, you see a selling imbalance. Obviously, things have changed in the market. Sellers have have taken over. So, you know, if you were long and you didn't take a profit, you know, seeing this is is a sure sign to get get out of the market, you know. But again, you know, don't don't think every trade that you have is got to be a 10point winner.

[09:06] It's not like that. I mean, you know, trading you have the goal is to last a long time. And it means, you know, taking either, you know, taking trades that are going to keep you in the market for how many months, you know, and then just keep building up the position or taking, you know, a series of of smaller trades for smaller profits and smaller losses. Okay. So, here's one. It didn't, you know, so this buy here, yeah, it went up. It went up a couple points. You

[09:36] could have got something out of it. This one started to, then turned around and and came off. It stopped you out. You know, I said not every trade is going to be a a slam dunk winner. And sometimes the market hasn't found its level that it wants to reverse. You know, when you're I'm not trying to pick the low, but I'm trying to pick an area where a low can occur. You know, where there's price rejection. Usually, you know, if you're looking to buy, you want to buy

[10:02] in an area where the prices below that area are being rejected, you know. So, I think this trade, you know, would give you a lowrisk trade. Your stop is just going to be down, you know, below here, below this level. You know, I like where this bar is. You know, that would be my stop. So, you know, if I'm getting long in here, you know, basically I'm risking one, two, three, four, five, six ticks, a point and a half. I could live with that. You know, we finally find our low

[10:30] here and you know, you're getting along around the 54 54 and a quarter level and you trade right up to the next level at, you know, is that 58 58 and a half. Well, I don't think you would have sold 58 and 1 halfs. I think, you know, 50, you know, 58. Hey, I mean, that's, you know, four points right there. You risk, you know, here you risk a point and a half. You lost and then boom, you get you make it right back. Okay, this

[10:54] one, you know, it kind of struggled. Honestly, it struggled. It's started to come off. I mean, it did come off a little bit, sort of came back up. You know, it hadn't found its level. And then the market sold off finally. Then you come right down to another level here. Okay, this one went up sort of traded around. Okay, then it failed. You know, again with I when I use these these zones again, I like to, you know, the reason why I have zones, you know, for me, you know, when

[11:22] I'm looking at something as support and resistance, it's support and resistance in the near term. It's not supporting resistance for the entire day of trading. That's why I have five five levels. So, if the trade's not really, you know, if I'm in the trade in five levels out and it's hardly paying off, I'm not looking to for the market necessarily to come out and and stop me out. You know, in in this case, we got up to the sixth level before it turned around. But it could have very easily

[11:48] just gone keep going up. You know, in this case, we got to this level. you know, it's in the fourth level, fifth level, sixth level. It's still in there. Still hanging around un, you know, a little bit, you know, in profit a little bit before finally selling off. Okay, you know, here we're going higher, higher. Didn't really reach our level. Didn't get a price rejecting, you know, right on the high, but in this case, you know, you got some decent stopping volume up there. You could sort

[12:20] of read that in the order flow yourself, I think. Then we get to this level here. This is 11. You know, I just chose this day. Um, you I didn't cherrypick a a perfect day. There's going to be days where there's a lot more winners than losers. There's going to be some days where you have probably more losers than winners. I'll be honest with you. This is not a 100, you know, trading is not a 100% thing. It's, you know, there's so many factors that you can't

[12:49] factor into the market. I mean, you don't know that as soon as you you click buy that there's somebody at at Deutsche Bank that's got a big sell order that they got to get filled. You know, you could buy your five lots thinking, "Hey, I got the best trading setup in the world." Then, you know, 30 seconds later, the guy at Deutsch Bank says, "Okay, hey, I got to sell 5,000 S&Ps." Boom. And market sells off two points. What do you do? You know, that that's

[13:17] life. That that happens. You don't know when it's going to happen. But it does does more than than people care to uh care to admit. Okay, so here's one here's a case where you know we're sort of struggling. You get a sell, you get some sign of of price rejection, you know, we come right up to that level again and now you get a sign of some stopping volume. And you know, I just said, you know, when you get into the fifth bar, which is this bar, you know, I'm usually

[13:44] looking to get out. But you know once we get in sort of in the middle and then I get another sign yeah I'll probably be looking to hold it a bit more and then we just you know we sold off from you know what is that 57 57 and a half rather you know down to down to three and a half you know we did get another signal down here this one you know we didn't quite find our level down here we sort of found our level yeah sort of went

[14:06] sideways before you know the selling came back in, you know, another level that that failed. You know, I wish every single level was was a big winner, but you know, sometimes now the market doesn't necessarily find its find its its low that it's going to reject. As I said, you know, the market's in a in a constant state of of flux. And usually by three o'clock I'm not looking to trade, you know, cash close and just not interested at that point. Okay, just real quick also what I

[14:43] want to show is on a Forex chart. I said I'm not a Forex trader, but you know a lot of people ask can you know these indicators work with with Forex? Yeah, I I think they can because as long as your data is good. This is the FXCM feed from Kinetic, which to the best of my knowledge is the the FXCM feed that you trade off of. Now, you know, obviously FX is is something that trades around the market and you know, there's going to be

[15:14] times where there's more liquidity than than not. Obviously, I think the times when there's most liquidity is best for trading, but you know, the FX market is a 24-hour market. So, you know, again, I I hate I'm not a spot player. I I like to trade during the the normal trading day. And problem with FX for me at least, I mean, for my way, I think, is I'm not someone that's going to come sit down in front of a screen for 30 minutes and start trading.

[15:42] You know, if I'm trading, I'm keyed into the market and seeing what's happening, you know, during that time. It's not I I, you know, look at it on on my phone, see where the market is. Okay. Yeah. No, you know, and trade like that. You know, for me, I like to set aside, you know, the same time of day for the most part to to trade and analyze the market. You know, you have to part of trading is having the right psychological uh surroundings, you know, in your

[16:10] office at, you know, certain times of the day. That's what you want to do. You know, FX guys, it's not something where you can just turn it on and turn it off and start taking and start taking signals. Now, so that said, okay, I'll just I'll just go through a few days. Cuz honestly, I don't know how this this panned out. I just happen to have the chart running, you know, with the indicator on. I'm kind of curious myself. So, you know, here was one a sell signal. The

[16:35] thing with with FX is sometimes it doesn't necessarily turn around on the dime the way futures have the tendency to partly because there's a bit of arbitrage going on between the the futures and the cash market. I don't think people are arbing the the CME euro against the FXCM euro, but still uh you know oftentimes I've always noticed that I've always felt that you get a little bit of a pop, you know, say you get a sell signal, sometimes you get a bit of a pop

[17:02] up through it before the market goes in a direction that that you're anticipating. And part of it, I think, is just because of the the ARB that's going on in the cash market. I don't know where FXCM gets their feed from, which bank or you know, so series of banks. I'm sure they they deal with one bank, but or maybe they're just so big that they, you know, they got this their own flow. I I don't know. I don't I don't trade forex, and I don't claim to

[17:25] be a big uh Forex guy. So, here we go. Okay, so there's a sell signal. Yeah, I mean, most of my charts I I do have a lot of the data uh all day long. So, but there are gaps in my data sometimes as when I have to turn off my computer. So, that said, okay, here's a cell. Yeah, it did. Yeah. Yeah, we got you got some pips. You know, I hate dealing with these FX guys cuz they always Oh, I'm getting my pips on. Getting my pips

[17:52] on, you know, just make money. Here's a sell. This is around I don't know what that is. 38. Yeah, it didn't really sell down. Came down to around the 30 level. Yeah, here is where I'm missing some data. Uh, okay. Again, here's a buy. You know, that's what I talk about where it Oh, sorry. Here's one I missed. You know, this one didn't work out. This one, you got the little break before it went up. This one didn't work out. You know, I don't know if I should be

[18:18] showing this. Okay, here's a nice one. There's a nice sell. Unfortunately, this is at 8:30 p.m. Chicago time, you know, but it's a nice one. You know, this is a fiveminute chart. 20 25 ticks cells, a smaller one here. Got a gap here in data. Okay, here's a buy. Yeah, it kind of worked out a little bit. Mostly sideways. Not claiming any big victory there. Uh, let's see. Here's a here's a little buy again. Kind of kind of went quiet sometimes, you know, after 1:00, you know, especially

[18:58] on day was that the 5th? That's Thursday. It's Thursday ahead of non-farm payrolls. Uh, well, here's a cell. Well, that's, you know, 6:00 at night basically. But yeah, I'm missing some data in there, so I don't know what happened. This is the non-farm payrolls. That's why you see it trade up to 80 and down to 05. Here's one. You know, I'm always I don't like to take signals on the first bar of the day. Uh because sometimes it doesn't, especially, you know, on this indicator where it reads back

[19:31] uh previous data. So, if I'm missing data, so say I just start it and you're missing some data, it's going to give you a a wonky signal the first time. This is what this is uh the 9th. This is ready the next week, the Monday. And so here's an signal signal to get short. You know, you get short around the 05. You know, it trades down to 85. That's 20 or so ticks there. Even there turned around again. You know, it's not something this is a five minute chart.

[19:59] How long you going to hold a a trade on a fiveminute chart for? You know, this is what time is that? 7:40, you know, by 9:00. Again, you're getting short on a 5minute chart at at 7:40. You're not going to be holding it until 1:00. I mean, if you did, yeah, that'd be great, but you would have taken some heat up here. You know, really on a 5minute chart, you got to ask yourself how long you going to hold it for. You know, if you're going

[20:21] to be holding a trade from 7:30 in the morning until 1 2 in the afternoon, you probably shouldn't be trading a fiveminute chart. So, here's another one. This is 130. a little bit, you know. Yeah, it's a little sell. You know, it's nothing spectacular. Okay, this this is on the 10th. So, here's a here's a nice buy. You know, it wasn't no breach there, but you know, went from 70 all the way up here into the 90s. I got a sell signal, but you know, this one I have my data ends here at

[20:55] 10:00. get a little bit of a sell off before it turns around the 11th. You know, some, you know, this one, yeah, it didn't really work out that great. It got worked out a little bit, but still just sort of went sideways on you. Uh, here's two that failed. Well, this, well, actually, I don't say failed. Did get a little bit of a pop, then fail. Now, usually when you're trading, you get long, you get that initial pop, and then it doesn't continue. This is usually not a good sign, especially once

[21:24] you see the red candles coming in that you know, hey, you know, don't expect it to come right back down to your low a third time and then turn around. We eventually found our low here, uh, 7:05. You know, you getting long somewhere around the 85. You know, we trade back up to 10. And here's one. Didn't really work out. It sort of probed higher and then came off. Here's a little one, you know, worked out again from this 75 area up to the almost to the 90 area. Here's one just

[21:55] kind of went sideways. It's already 1:00. That's what the 12th, Friday the 13th. Okay, this is evening session. Don't have the full data here. This is the European morning uh about 2:45 Chicago time. Well, this one here, we came out, took out the low, you know, didn't hold. Again, it's my look back is 1, two, three, four, five, six, seven. I think I forgot what it was. Seven. I think I got nine. Second, I don't know if I would even would have taken the signal here because, you know,

[22:22] my look back period is nine. Definitely the first bar I won't take. But if my look back period is nine, I I might be willing to take it. Probably not uh for this example. And I'll say no, even though it did uh did turn around. You know, here was a nice buy. Yeah, it popped up initially, then just went sideways, started coming down. This was a sell. Got the pop up through it initially. No, didn't really work. Uh, okay. Where am I here? 16th again. That's the That's the sell on

[22:53] the, you know, the second bar. This one, it was a buy. It's kind of choppy. The 16th was uh it's a Monday. Uh, yeah, it popped up, but then just, you know, really didn't, you know. Yeah. Okay. You got a pop, but then it just kind of went sideways. Okay. Where am I? Anything else here? No, not much. And here's a buy that just sort of went sideways before selling off. You know, again, you're getting along here at at 6:15. And if you're holding it and the market hasn't paid

[23:26] off by by 7:15, you know, you shouldn't be holding it. And I said, if the trade is not paying off, you know, an hour after you're into the trade, you shouldn't still be in the trade. You know, get out. Get out with with a small profit or something. Don't don't wait for it. Don't think it's I said don't wait for infinity. You know the trade's not going to run to infinity. At some point you should be looking to get out. And you know this is one of those cases where people say well

[23:51] yeah look it finally you know some of these vendors will say hey look it trade all the way up to 45 you know you're long for 20. Well yeah it also went down but again you know if the trade's not going in your favor you know after an hour on a 5minute chart you really shouldn't be holding a trade. I mean that's I mean that's that's simple. you should getting paid on a trade and you should be getting paid, you know, relatively quickly. Okay, now this is a

[24:17] crude chart. This is a Reno chart to see how it how it worked. Again, you know, I'm just, you know, I started the the analysis starting May 5th. So, you see 52. It's not February 5th. It's this is the on my setup. I have it set to the European standard. So, you see the the day then the month. And people say, "Why are you looking at a a June contract on in February?" I'm not. The way my computer's set up is the dates are European schedules. So you see

[24:47] the 2nd of February. Okay. So, and this is a Monday. That's why I'm starting here. First Monday, first day, first training day of May. Okay. This one, you know, and this chart, I believe, is I think I have it set as I want to call my uh Mike's index hours, which is basically Yeah, basically 7 in the morning till until I think uh 4:00 Chicago. 7 in the morning Chicago time till 400 p.m. Basically the the main index hours in the US. Okay, so here's a buy. Yeah, it didn't really

[25:27] work out. Yeah, it did take some heat. Honestly, this is a little bit too much heat for me before it turned around. And then down here, you see a little bit of a cell. Kind of went sideways. Nothing spectacular. Oops. Okay. So, it's going sideways here. This one failed. Okay. Boom. Here you get a nice a nice sell um you know around the 45 40 level. Boom. What we trade? We trade all the way down to 459. 50 points 50 ticks in in the crude actually even

[25:59] went down lower. It's from 4540 went down here to 45 you know 60 65 before you got a buy signal then went back up from 65 back up to you know 45 even. So you know you could risk a little bit here. You have you know you're getting short here. You have a stop here. You know, if you're getting short when this bar closes, you know, you're getting short 4526, you have stop around, you know, 33, 34. You know, 33 is fine. 34, we'll call it 30. Get short at at 20, you

[26:35] know, 26ish area up to, you know, 34, that's that's 8 ticks. Okay, that's fine. That's eight ticks risk. Some people say that's too much. Well, are you willing to risk this? Close this. you know, are you willing to risk like a bar like this? You know, eight ticks to get something like this or even just get this I'd much rather risk eight ticks to get, you know, get this and get this. Okay. And then, you know, later, you know, 1:00. I don't really like to trade look at crude that much after

[27:09] after one cuz most of the big traders are already finished trading for the day by 1:00. You do have the markers later, but still, you know, Europe is closed. Asia is obviously in the middle of the night already. Better off trading it during the main the main session. So, that was what day was that? That was the first, sorry, the second first trading day of the month. Here you get a buy signal. Didn't really work out. You know, it did pop up a little bit before stopping you

[27:40] out. Again, if you're trailing your stop, you can figure out where to put it. you know, maybe you want to tighten it a little bit after it starts going in your favor. So, instead of risking the full eight ticks, you know, once it starts popping up in your favor, you move your stop up to to to minus 4. It depends, you know, on your trading style. You may want to risk the full amount, okay? Or or not. You know, it really there's different ways to trade.

[28:06] You know, there's no one right way to trade. Here was a sell. This one failed. Stopped you out. You lose you know, if you're you know, it stopped you out pretty quick. you're losing your full eight ticks. And now here's a sell again. 4375. That's a 50 tick winner basically. Or not 50 ticks. It's, you know, 40 ticks before it starts turning around here. There wasn't any buy signal here. Would have been nice if you get a buy signal. You know, once a steep sell-off occurs and then you start going back up,

[28:33] you know that that's where you're looking to get out. Again, it's after one here. I'm not necessarily looking to take any trades. This one's too early. You I talked about taking signals, right? you know, right around right around the open. Let it settle. Here's one. Yeah, it started to work out. Then turn around, stop you out. Okay, I can take that loss or I could take, you know, I'm trailing my stop. Maybe not as bad as as you would have it. Okay, then here you get

[29:00] another nice signal. Yeah, you're getting short 4415ish, 44 10, what have you. It trades all the way down to 80. Got a buy signal here. Okay, maybe you can take some off. Okay, and then, you know, it sort of goes lower. You know, this one doesn't work out. This one doesn't work out. Here's a nice buy signal. Getting along here again around the 4430. If you know, you're trailing your stop, it probably would have stopped you out at break even or small profit. If not, you know, you're you're getting

[29:29] along from 4430 where up, you know, I don't want again, I'm not looking to hold it all the way to the close, but you know, going up until 1:00 here. Yeah, I don't like to trade in say after one, but hey, if if the trade is in my favor, I'm going to try and ride it out as long as I can. Okay, so what day the next day is the 5th of May. See, scroll forward a bit. Okay, so you get a sell signal here. Let's make this chart a little bit

[30:15] bigger. All right. So, this is a nice sell signal around 40. What price is that? 4565ish. You know, it trades down into the 30s. It's a good 30 points. You know, here you get a buy signal. Kind of goes sideways on you. You know, maybe you get a little bit out of it. Maybe you get a scratch, maybe you get a small loss, you know, but you just had a nice big winner here. You get a sell. It did tick up through you before coming off. You get a a sell,

[30:44] sorry, a buy signal here that fails. Clearly fails. Not saying you would any other way you're going to trade it. Like I said, you know, sometimes the market doesn't necessarily find its bottom when you're looking to buy. You know, here, you know, you had a bottom. This sort of corresponds to over here. We tried to hold it twice. It didn't. It just didn't, you know. I mean, that's that's how the market is, you know. Not everything holds. You get one here that doesn't really hold. Okay. Okay. Here you get one. You kind

[31:19] of reach it a bit. You know, it does turn around before selling off. Again, not every single, you know, sometimes, you know, when you're trying to buy a low, it's it's tricky. Here's one sell. It did sell off a little bit before turning around again. You sort of came back up in here a little bit later, but again, you know, this is after 1. I'm not necessarily looking to be taking trades after 1, especially, you know, after 1 p.m. on a on on a Thursday going into a Friday nonpart

[31:48] payroll number. You could make make a case that did sell off there, but I'm not going to make that case. You know, usually after 1:00, I'm not necessarily looking to be trading crude. Okay, so let's go into Friday again. You know, this is the 6th of May. It's the non-farm payroll day. So, you know, the market's going to be a bit choppy. I always find that the non-farm payroll days a day I'm not necessarily looking to trade. Here's a sell signal. Didn't work out. It got stopped out pretty

[32:16] quick. Then you get a buy signal, you know, 8 after 8:30 and getting along somewhere, you know, between 4392, 4395. You know, trades immediately, you know, this one pops right up pretty quick in a few minutes. Next thing you know, it's trading 44 uh 4420 even keeps going up up to 4430, 4440 before you get a sell signal. So, you know, that's a move from, you know, basically 95 up to 35. That's nice 40 points. you get a sell signal here that that stops you out. Okay. Are you willing to

[32:53] take a little bit of risk here, you know, here to get a move like this? I know. I think you should be. I could be wrong. You know, everyone wants to have every single s signal be a big winner, but you know, sometimes it, you know, not every signal is going to be a big winner. You know, here's a nice little trade. You know, 4555 gets up towards the 65 level before it just sort of stalls out. You could just see even the bars. Okay, compare this, right? You got

[33:21] up, up, then down, up, down. It's a sign that the market's struggling. You know, here you got the big up move, but you get green green green green up up. You know, once you start going up up and then you just go sideways, it's it's usually a sign that, hey, this trade is not necessarily really working out for you. you might want to consider taking some money, you know, taking taking something off the table before rather than letting it come all the way down to stop to stop you out. I mean, that

[33:49] that's that's me, but I'm not saying that, you know, everybody can do that. Okay, so this is next week. This is Monday the 9th. So, here's a buy signal talking about what is that 65. you know, trades up to almost 80 before turning around and coming down. Here's again, here's another little buy signal. It it worked and then it sort of ran up here just just like here. You green, green, green, and then red, red, red. Are you going to let let the fourth, fifth red bar come in, you know, get

[34:23] green, green, green, then red, red, red? Are you going to just let it come in and and take you out? No. You should be looking at to manage the trade, you know, manage the trade. take get something out of it whether you know it's a small winner or small loss or a break even don't have to let it come out to stop you out that's people always do they you know they don't manage their risk they just think that you know hey every trade's got to go to my profit

[34:46] target or it's going to stop me out no you know being a trader is maneuvering in and out of the market the market's going to give you opportunities to to see what's going on and to get out you know here's here's a trade you know gone up from 10 to to 30 you know you could have easily got 10 ticks out of it easily. You know, you could have probably gotten more out of it. Then you get a sell signal here. Yeah. Okay. It again, you know, knowing how to manage a

[35:12] trade, you're going to let one tick stop you out or you going to have it your stop a little bit further. You know, if you're trading with a really tight stop, yeah. Okay. Would have stopped you out. You know, usually me, I like to give it two two ticks, not just one tick on the high of this this recent high. You know, sometimes you will retest it and get through it by a tick. I prefer, you know, two to three ticks past here. But I mean, that's up to

[35:36] you. You know, if you're trading with an ultra tight stop and you're using it one tick past the high, you would have missed this whole move. Okay? So, you know, even if you did get stopped out here, you get another buy signal down here around the 4,400 level. And, you know, at least up to 20 25. Honestly, I don't know how this move turned out. Okay, we did get up to 30 before starting to sell off. You got two green, sorry, two red after this series of of green. You might want

[36:04] to, you know, see how it's going to pan out before you necessarily get out at 20. You know, even if you did hold it and got up here before it starts coming off again, you know, second time you start printing some red bars in succession, I'd be looking to get out. Okay, then you get another buy down here. Again, same thing. Green, green, green, then you got red, red, red. you know where you going to get out. You should be getting out somewhere in when it's in in here rather than somewhere

[36:30] down here. You know, don't let a winner turn into a loser. Okay, that's whatever. That's right before the close. I wouldn't taken it. I'll just go through Well, I'll just get through this week with this crude chart. I don't want this video being too long. It's already over 30 minutes. Okay. So, you come up here, you know, this is what 8:00. You get a sell signal here. You get to short somewhere around the 85 level, 83, 85. You know, it's a quick 20 ticks, you know, before you get another

[37:07] signal and get and sort of get stopped out. Okay? Don't catch that whole move. I mean, you love to catch the moves just like this. Everybody wants a signal that's going to tell them to buy here and sell up here. Sometimes it's hard to see. Okay, so let's see the next. Okay, so you know there was well this my day my data ended early that day. Um I turned off my computer. I had some something to do. So I actually turned off my computer. That's why I got no

[37:33] data. This is the 11th already, Wednesday. That's the the inventory number came out. No signals yet. Okay. Got a little signal here, sell signal here that didn't work out. Okay, let's see. Okay, so this sell it didn't work out. Started to but then turned around on you again. You should know how to manage your trades. It's it's something, you know, when you know it starts to work out, but then you get, you know, you can see the candles being green against you. That that's a sign that you try and get

[38:10] out if you can, uh, you know, with a at break even or a smaller loss. Here's a sell. you know, you get alternating candles. That's again, that's not a good sign. And you're just sort of hanging around your entry. Not a good sign. You know, you don't need it to pivot around here for one, two, three, four, five bars before you know the trade's not going anywhere. Yeah. If you're getting short here and then you just trade back up, trade back down, trade back up, trade back down. Yeah, it

[38:38] I don't know. It it I don't think you need to be a PhD in trading to know that the market's going sideways, you know? I don't need it to come up to here to stop me out. I'd rather, you know, after one, two, three, four bars going nowhere, basically hanging around my entry price. That's a good enough sign for me to try and get out at a scratch or even, you know, a couple thick loss rather than taking the full loss. Okay. So, you know, that day

[39:04] ended, you know, wasn't that great a day. You had, you know, one two trades, I think, two or three trades and, you know, they didn't really work out. Not every day is going to give you a 50 50 tick winner. This is uh the 12th, which is Thursday here. We're coming into see if there's any signals again. You know, I'm just I'm just choosing these days. I mean, this is the first two weeks of of May. Okay, here's a here's a trade. Let's start it out.

[39:31] Start it out. Then you see it turning on you again. You want to wait till it comes up here to stop you out or you short here. It starts going in your favor. you. Do you need it to turn literally all the way against you before you get out or are you going to be managing your trade and getting out, you know, around break even or, you know, a smaller loss than than the full loss? I mean, if you just using, you know, if you're trading multiple lots and you

[39:59] taken, you know, the first 10 ticks, yeah, you got at least 10 ticks out of that trade, you know, similar thing here. Down, down, turns around on you. Do you need it to come all the way back up there to to stop you out? Then here's one. You know, it's 1:00. You know, even though it did work out, it said it's not a trade that I'm it's not a time that I'm looking to trade the market. So, that day wasn't that great a day. Okay, this is Friday the 13th.

[40:34] Let's see if there's any signals here. Okay, here's a sell. Didn't work out. I think it would have stopped, you know, I think it did stop me out. Got back up there, you know, getting short around this 18 level and trading around 24. To me, that's that's clear enough through there to to stop me out. Okay. Then again, you sort of get this side by side action. You know, you're getting along here. And I don't say you could you could scalp this and get three or four ticks

[41:06] out of it. I just be happy to take a take a break even trade there. But you know what? If you know to watch it, you see if we're going to come, you know, get through this level, you know, there's probably going to be a chance we're going to go lower instead. You Well, I didn't even notice the time on this one, but it was uh it was already after one anyway. So, but you know, when you're just looking at it, I mean, really just staring at this

[41:32] back and forth, you know, regardless, you know, had I taken this trade, you know, get back and forth, back and forth after, you know, like that that you're looking at that, you try and get out. You don't necessarily want to hold it, you know, much more than than you really need to. So, what is Okay. Well, anyway, this is the following week here. Yeah. Yeah, this one I'm kind of hesitant just because it's it's so close so close to the open. I mean, this is Monday. You know, this chart starts at

[42:06] 7:00 and we did open higher. You did get a little bit of a selloff, but still, you know, it's I'm not, you know, going to say, hey, take that trade or by any means. Uh, if anything, I'm just uh a little bit hesitant right around when when my chart starts. You know, honestly, I'm a bit curious to see how this this day turns out here. You know, again, it's one o'clock. I mean, it's up to you if you want to take trades after one. I mean, it's Monday, so it's

[42:30] probably a little bit more interest. Yeah, this was a nice trade, but you know, again, I'm not going to sit here and say, "Yeah, this look at this nice winner after I just said, you know, I'm not looking to trade after after 1 p.m. I know some people like to trade until, you know, 2 p.m., which is the old floor close, 2:10, I believe. Me, no. So, I'll just wrap this up here. So, again, yeah, thanks for watching this video. This was just sort of a preview

[42:56] of of the new software that we're going to be releasing soon. It's called the price rejector. If you're interested in it, just shoot me an email. Um, you know, we're probably going to release it any time now. We're just working out some kinks. If you know you want to learn more about, you know, the order flows software or the price rejector or the delta scalper, you know, send me an email. Um, you know, my email is mike@orderflows.com or just visit the website www.orderflows.com. There's a form on

[43:29] there you can fill out and and send me a message. So, you as you can see, you know, these charts they I showed you how it works with a orderflow chart. I think it works best with an order flows chart, but you know, it can be used with a normal bar chart. It can be used with, you know, wrinkle charts. You can look at it, you know, different time frames. However you want, however you trade it, you can basically use it with any any type of chart, any I'll say any time range.

[44:00] Honestly, you know, if you're gonna say, well, I tried it on a on a 15-second chart and didn't work. Okay? I mean, very few people trade on 15-second charts. And you got to be realistic. You know, you I'm willing to work with you to make it work for you. You know, sometimes people buy stuff and, oh, this is the worst indicator. I've been trading for 20 years. This is the worst indicator ever. Well, if you've been trading for 20 years, honestly, I don't think you really need to be buying

[44:27] indicators nowadays. You should have a have a way of trading. I mean, I could understand, you know, trying to add something into your trading, but, you know, if you've been trading for 20 years and you can't get something to to sort of fit in, then, you know, maybe your trading is so sophisticated that you don't need indicators. But, you know, if you're going to say that, you know, at least share some information like what sort of time frame you're using it on or, you know, what market you're looking at to

[44:53] say, I tried it on every market out there and every time frame. I trade multiple time fra Well, come on. you know, I could I I know this works. I trade with it. I know other a few other testers that have been using it are also trading with it. So, dismiss it as saying, you know, this this is crap. I think is a bit harsh, especially if you're not going to back it up with, you know, any any examples. I mean, I'm you I'm not out there to to scam

[45:20] people out of money, although, you know, some people feel that way when, you know, something doesn't work to their satisfaction. But, you know, people they they expect that every indicator is going to turn their computer into a cash machine, you know, that they can just turn it on and print money. It's not like that. You know, trading takes work. It takes effort. It takes thinking. And, you know, sometimes people don't don't want to do any of the above. But, you know, if you're willing to you

[45:48] want to learn and you know, willing to sort of I'll say take a leap of faith, but you know, trust me and, you know, trust that what I've got is something that can make you money. Then, you know, hey, by all means, let me know. You know, I'm willing to to work with you to get you up to speed. You know, I even test I don't say I test things for people, but people say, "Hey, what what you know, I look at this market, you know, what's a good time

[46:12] frame to look at?" you know, tell me and I know that everybody trades different things and different time frames, different markets, different time frames, and I also do. So, if say you're trading on on a 10-minute chart and it's not really working properly as as good as you would like it, you know, let me know. I could look into, you know, either I could suggest, hey, maybe go down to a five minute chart or or 10 range chart or something, you know, different, you know. I can suggest you know I have my own

[46:44] experience and I have our other users experience as well you know so it's not just tapping into my experience you're also tapping into sort of a network of other users as well you know people share what works with me and you know they say I ask them it's okay I share this with other people and sometimes they say no okay and I respect that and sometimes they say yeah sure you know because you know after all if if with the markets what what works for some people, you know, if they can get a

[47:14] few more people to to follow and, you know, everyone buys at the same level, then it's then it's great. They'll make more money trading. So anyway, again, you know, just visit our website ww.orderflows.com and send me an email. I'm not sure, you know, we'll probably be releasing this software pretty soon. And you said if it's something you're interested, think it could work into your trading, uh, by all means, let me know and, you know, I'll get you set up. So, thank you.
