---
video_number: 14
inferred_title: "Webinar 3 Keys To Order Flow Trading Will Improve Your Trading Results"
inferred_date: "2016-09-09"
video_id: "th36g_Khq-g"
source_vtt: "20160909 - Webinar 3 Keys To Order Flow Trading Will Improve Your Trading Results [th36g_Khq-g].en.vtt"
word_count: 9187
segment_count: 1290
---

# Webinar 3 Keys To Order Flow Trading Will Improve Your Trading Results
*Date:* 2016-09-09  |  *Video ID:* th36g_Khq-g  |  *Words:* 9187
*Source VTT:* `20160909 - Webinar 3 Keys To Order Flow Trading Will Improve Your Trading Results [th36g_Khq-g].en.vtt`

---

[00:04] And with that, ladies and gentlemen, please put your hands together and welcome our host to present today. Please welcome Mike Delto. Thanks, Scott. They uh forget me set up there. Had a little minor crash of the system. Um everyone, today's my name is Michael Valtos. I'm the founder of trader at orderflows.com. And today I'm going to talk about the three keys to orderflow trading that will improve your trading results. I mean, you know, as

[00:44] traders, you all want to keep improving your game, you know? I mean, like an athlete, you know, you just don't go out, you know, NFL player just doesn't go out every Sunday and throw the ball, you know. He's always trying to improve his game during the week, you know, and as a trader, you should be looking to do the same. So, just, you know, before we get started, you know, a quick disclaimer, this is for educationalformational purposes only. Should not be considered a solicitation, a buy or sell a futures contract or make

[01:12] any other type of investment decision. You know, futures trading contains substantial risk and not for every investor. Basically, you know, don't trade with money that you got to live on, you know, money that needs to pay the bills. um you know risk capital should be used for trading and only those with sufficient risk capital should consider trading. So you're in the right place today. You know if you want to know more about orderflow and how it can help you make more profits in trading by correcting you know common

[01:39] trading mistakes. You know maybe you're new to trading and want to get off to a quick solid start without wasting a lot of time and money learning how to trade. or you know maybe you tried orderflow and feel that's the right way to trade but you just can't put your finger on it to make it work for you you're in the right place as I'll definitely show you how orderflow can help you become a better trader so you know it doesn't matter if you're new to

[02:03] trading or whether you've been trading for years you know there's something in order flow for everybody and you know I'm not going to spend a lot of time explaining what order flow is you know most people are already familiar with orderflow this is an orderflows chart you know I have a software it's an orderflows trader software ware and you know it it's a takes a basic volume footprint chart and adds more to it. You know part of the problem with a lot of software out there is you get it but you

[02:31] don't know how to read it. I mean you know what good is trading with orderflow if you don't know what to look for and you know one of the things that I do at orderflows.com is you know help people learn how to trade with orderflow. I mean, you know, it's like you have a, you know, high performance sports car, but if you're just going to drive it normally, you know, what's the point? So, what you're going to learn today by hanging around you, I'm going to talk about market imbalances, you

[02:57] know, which allow you to see what's happening in the price action. You know, if a big buyer scooped up a big offer or, you know, a big seller came in and sold into what was a big bid, you know, what's that information worth to you? You know, how can you use that in your trading? And you hear a lot of people talking about price action. Oh, you got I trade with price action, but they never really get into it. You know, you don't understand, you know, really what

[03:18] price action is, you know, but seeing market imbalances will really turn that light bulb on. And, you know, the next thing I get into is, you know, I got to one of the problems that most new traders have is they treat every bar, every price in a bar the same, you know, but not every price is the same. You know, some price levels in a bar have light volume. Some have average volume. And there's going to be one price level in a bar that has the most volume. That

[03:47] price level with most volume is called the point of control. Also known as the P. So if you hear me refer to PC, I'm referring to point of control. And lastly, the last thing I want to talk about is delta. You know, Delta will help you learn to decide, you know, if buyers or sellers are in control and more importantly how to determine what their strength is. And it's very valuable information to the trader. It's basically it's a net difference between aggressive buyers and aggressive sellers. You know, every time you market

[04:18] goes up, you you hear people say, "Well, there's more buyers than sellers." I mean, that's not, you know, a not accurate depiction. What you have is more aggressive buyers than than sellers. And if you hang around till the end, I got a few free things for you that you can download. Like I said, you know, I I know a lot of people already use Orderflow or have tried Orderflow. And I've got two things for you at the end. One is a PDF guide that I've written

[04:46] with uh my hidden what I call hidden trading opportunities in order flow. So, you know, if if you're interested to trade order flow and want to know how to use it, that guide, you know, will give you three trade setups that you could use right away. And the other the other thing that I'm giving away is this free indicator that I created called the Delta Surge. And you know what it does is it picks up increased buying and selling, you know, aggressive buying and selling and and gives you nice signals,

[05:15] you know, on on markets that are, you know, that are trending. So, you know, who am I? You know, why you should listen to me? You know, for those that don't know me, um, you know, I've been trading, you know, for over 20 years. And, you know, trading on the institutional side, I don't want to say at the highest level, but at a very high level. I started at the C on the CME floor with Dean Widow Reynolds back in 1994 when Globex started taking off. You

[05:41] know, GloveX was CME's electronic trading system. I moved off the floor to the upstairs trading desk. Then eventually I moved to EDF man you know the big grain it's not grain but sugar and softs commodity trader in 98 I joined commerce bank on their upstairs trading desk and you know I became a licensed URX trader you know for those that are you know European and you know that understand how URX used to work you used to to trade on URX terminals you had to have a a a URX license and

[06:12] there's this big long exam to go through and you know it wasn't easy But uh I managed to pass it. Daniel in 2002 I joined Cargill. Cargill is the big grain trading company in the United States. They they trade they export about 25% of corn from the United States. You know that's how big they are. They provide McDonald's with all their cooking oil and they they trade a lot. They've been around for 150 years. So they know what they're doing when it comes to trading. 2004 I set up Cargill's futures trading

[06:44] desk in Singapore. 2006 I joined JP Morgan as a vice president on the futures trading desk and I left JP Morgan in 2013 and joined order flows sorry I started order flows after I left JP Morgan now you got to ask yourself why do I talk about that you know I'm not talking about it to be you know to brag or anything not not at all but you know if ask yourself right if you want to have surgery done who do you want to who do you want to operate on you

[07:14] someone that has 20 years of experience or someone just out of medical school with you know little real life experience and lots of experience you know practicing on cadaavvers you know which to me is the equivalent of sim trading in the market you know I have that experience you know I'm not shy about it I don't hide from it but at the same time you know I want you to know that you know what I have to say you know comes from real life experience you

[07:39] know there there's not a lot of people that you know that are trying to teach people how to trade that are working with new traders that have that you know solid institutional experience you know so just really quick you know why did I start order flows you know said I left JP Morgan in 2013 I started order flows in 2015 you know but I was trading for myself and when I'm trading for yourself you know oftentimes you you buy yourself and you know you don't have that interaction I didn't

[08:07] have that interaction anymore that I used to have before you know but so I started order flows so I could have interaction with traders Again now early in my career I was very fortunate to learn trading from you know many of the biggest traders in the world and you know many of them had written books you know people traded at tutor John Henry all the big names you know and not even including you know the bank traders that I had access to on a daily basis when I

[08:30] worked at JP Morgan and commer bank and basically I I over the years I just you know I would learn I would tap into their secrets and methods and take notes you know and I'd be trading next to them trading along with them and you know over the years. I developed my own trading style by taking the best of what I thought they had to you know that that they had to share with me. I tweaked it, tested it and expanded it and you know I

[08:53] came up with my own orderflow trading method which is you know a culmination of of 20 years from being on the floor to you know working on the institutional trading desk. You know this is what made me being a successful trader for you know commerce bank cargo JP Morgan. I traded at those three companies for 15 years combined. So it's not like I I I was an intern at JP Morgan or Homer Bank. You this was my career. I was able very fortunate I was able to retire at

[09:22] 43. How many people can you know are able to do that? Um you know luckily you know I I took advantage of the situation and learned from it and you know and learned how to trade and that's the problem that a lot of people have is is they don't want to take and time to learn to trade. I mean, I'll be honest with you, I deal with a lot of uh new retail traders and and sometimes, you know, everybody just wants the the quick fix. So, you know, just really

[09:53] quick, what is the order flow trader software? It runs on Ninja Trader. You can download it for free at ninjatrader.com. And, you know, it reads the volume traded on the bid offer and puts it into an easy to read volumeprint chart. What I do with my software is I take it a step further and I have my own style of trading program so that users users can trade the order flow based on my real life trading experience. So you know what to look at you I said you're

[10:19] not out in the dark and you know trying to figure way around you know an orderflow chart. you know, I I give you the training and on my charts, you know, I mean, I'm not going to get into your, you know, today's a bit uh, you know, about three three specific things on order flow, but you know, this high up here, you know, gave the perfect sell signal up here. So, you know, what am I really talking about? you know, the three keys to Oracle trading that will improve your

[10:56] trading results that you can use today. You know, really I kind of actually like this crystal ball because, you know, it lets you see what other people are doing in the market. You know, how once you understand overflow, you can sort of anticipate what's going to happen next. If you want to buy, you can work a bid or you buy the offer. You want to sell, you work an offer, you sell into a bid.

[11:38] What causes markets to move is you know markets will move when you know people start buying up all the available offers or they sell all the available bids and what imbalances do. Imbalances are the volume traded on the bid against the offer or you know and you have a certain percentage and the volume difference you know tells you if you have an imbalance. So imbalances measure the differences between aggressive buyers and aggressive sellers, you know. So really quick, what does it look? You know, so you know,

[12:12] again, like I was talking about, this is actually a corn and you know, the market here was 326 and a quarter bid at 326 and a half offer. So it's trading, you know, back and forth like this. And when all the trading was said and done at this price, it was three lots traded up here, 125 here. So this ratio right this is what tells you if there's an imbalance and there is you know three against 125 standard imbalance is you know 400% some people use 600% and a one

[12:43] person that has a thousand on his chart you know and when you don't have an imbalance like here 37 against 10 it's not black it's it's black it's red if there's a selling imbalance it's blue if there's a buying imbalance So the big question is, you know, how do you make money with imbalances? Uh well, there's there's three ways. There's there's actually maybe a couple more, but you know, the the easy ones to understand are stack imbalances, huge imbalances, and imbalances at highs or lows of of a bar.

[13:18] Uh specifically, highs, an imbalance at the high of a down bar or an imbalance at the low of an up bar. Uh let me give you some examples what I'm talking about. So here you have you know this is crude oil. Here you got a stacked imbalance right 1 2 3 you know 53 against zero 93 against four 105 against one. And what happens the market starts to sell off. Now if you notice in this next bar right where does the market pull back to? It pulls right back into

[13:44] this area where you have the aggressive selling. Selling continues and the market moves lower. You know, one of the beauties of of order flow is that it tells you you could generally have a good idea of where a market can pull back to. And you know, stacked imbalances is, you know, a perfect candidate to know where a market should pull back to. And you know, oftentimes you see a stacked imbalance and you see the market pull back right into this area right below it or just maybe a tick

[14:12] a tick through it. Another way you could use imbalances is is what I call huge imbalances. Okay, now this time I have this chart. It's the E- mini chart that puts in a lot of volume. Okay, so you know I have this one set, this particular chart set at a ratio of 1,000. So you don't see very many imbalances or on the previous chart you saw, you know, you saw a bunch. This one is set to a,000. Actually, it's not set to a,000. I think it was set to uh 600. But you

[14:45] know, you have this big imbalance. I'm sorry. This one is the volume is set to above 3,000. Not the ratio. This one is volume. You phrase that. It's huge imbalances. So, what I'm looking for are imbalances where the imbalance, you know, the number is over 3,000. The volume is over 3,000. And why is that important? Well, you had an area where you had aggressive buyers, you know, lifting, in this case, lifting the offer because it's it's a buying imbalance, you know, to the tune of over

[15:14] 3,000 contracts. So you see here, you know, 648 against 3,85. And why is that important? Well, I know at this level, you know, there's strong, you know, there's strong buyers. You know, there's people happy to buy it at this level. What is that? 2151. Now, the next bar comes in and you see, you know, at this at this level again, you still see very heavy volume. You know, okay, it's a price above price, same price, price below. You know, it's an area, right? Right? I mean, sometimes,

[15:42] you know, people get fixated at one particular price and thinking it has to be that one price. You know, when you're dealing with support and resistance levels, you have to remember their levels, not one particular price. So, you can see that this level here is is holding up, right? Where you have that huge imbalance. Okay, here's another one, right? The market shot up to get up to this level. This green is the high of the day, this green line. So, you know, I like to know where the highs and lows

[16:10] are of the day. And, you know, you could have that on your chart. Most charting software will let you chart it. So, we get up to the high and I got a huge selling imbalance. You know, 3,000. So, it was over 3,000. And you know what happened? That keys me in knowing I I know right away that, you know, at this high there's a lot of selling going on. You know, there's there's, you know, a seller up there. I don't know if it's one person. I don't know if it's, you know, several

[16:36] people. But, you know, I know that when we get up here there there's some strong selling because you have you have this nice big imbalance and you just see it just sort of, you know, hangs around, hangs around. Doesn't necessarily come off right away. I mean, sure, you can say it came off two points, but really what I'm looking for is is a bigger move. And, you know, you just sort of hang around. You make a new high by a tick, make, you know, again, you test

[16:59] that high, then make another high by a tick before you finally sell off, you know. So this is you know this imbalance right here is is giving you a clue that hey you know this area is being defended. Now it doesn't again you know people always think it has to come down to that one price. It doesn't you know because especially in these contracts nowadays with all the um high frequency trading going on. Sometimes you see the market poke through a price level trade a few lots and then you know make the

[17:28] make the reverse. Sometimes, you know, the way the algos are, you know, that they're testing to see what's up there. So, you know, this was your clue that, you know, hey, this this high can hold. And it gave it to you very early in the, you know, in that move. You know, in the first bar up there, you're seeing that imbalance and you just you hang around it for the next 20 minutes before coming off. Okay. Now the next one I want to talk about is this one is unique to my

[17:57] software but actually I think since my software has come out I think a few people have have copied it and what it is is imbalances at high of a bar that closes down. Okay people you know if you're watching any orderflow videos you see people talking about uh trap traders here trap traders there. They don't really get into it, but you know, I have this programmed into my software, and if it's a red, if it's a down bar with an imbalance at the top, you're going to

[18:24] get a red arrow. If it's a buying imbalance, sorry, a selling imbalance at the bottom of a green bar, the bar that trades up, you're going to get this green arrow. And you know, why is why do I consider this trap traders? Well, what you have, you have the market right here is trading, you know, 86 40 86 at 4087 and everyone, you know, you have a move going up, right? All of a sudden, you got this imbalance right here, 7 against 74. Why isn't the market going up? You

[18:54] know, people are aggressive. People are trying to buy it, take it higher, but there's a strong seller up there. You you got this imbalance and then what happens? The bar, the price action of the bar, we close lower. Okay? So you're left with this imbalance at the top of the bar and that's a very bearish signal. You know, this is, you know, honestly, you know, people copy some, you know, a lot of the things that I do and and put it in their software. But, you know, this is something, you know,

[19:23] if you're just using a normal volume footprint chart, you could see it yourself. You know, I like to have the arrow in there because, you know, it's it's something to slap me upside the head. Say, "Hey, idiot, don't miss this." Because it's a nice shortterm signal. You know, I'm not looking to this be the high of the entire day, but over the next few bars, I'm looking for it to to go in that direction because, you know, people say, well, you know, these guys are trapped.

[19:46] But, you know, 74 lots isn't really that trapped and it's really a change in psychology more than anything else because there's enough volume in the markets. You know, even if it was 700 lots that, you know, they have this imbalance, there's still plenty of volume to get out over the next bar or two. Maybe I have a different definition of of trapped than other traders. Again, here's another example. You know, this time it's, you know, at the high of the day, but it's a buying imbalance at the

[20:13] high of candle that goes down. You got that arrow and what happens? The market market sells off. You know, just, you know, the opposite, you know, at the bottom of a bar that closes up, you got a selling imbalance this time. So, again, you know, you're sort of going up, coming down. got into selling imbalance right here, but the market can't go any lower. You know, order flow is telling you something. You know, it's telling you that, hey, you know, you had aggressive sellers here trying to push the market

[20:41] lower. Chances are you have someone in there, you know, supporting this in this supporting the market in this case. And what happens, you know, market the turns, market turns around, instead of going lower, you close higher and you continue up that over the next uh several bars. Another example, you come up to this swing high, start coming off. You got one, two, three, four, five. Five imbalances in this bar. Then you come into the next bar, selling continues and it stops right here. You know, 78 against 14. And what

[21:16] happens? Price action in the bar turns around and it just it continues back up in that direction. You know, I said, you know, if you if you had a chart that's, you know, giving you this information, it's there and you're not using it, you know, you're really leaving leaving money on the table as a as a trader. Now, another thing, you know, I I say, you know, it's it's at the low of a bar, you know, imbalance at the low of a bar that closes up. Now, doesn't

[21:47] necessarily have to be the low of the day, you know, again, you know, people get fixated, you know, trying to pick reversals. Sometimes you can only trade what the market gives you. And sometimes it's not going to happen right on the bar where you have the low. Sometimes it might be on the bar right after it, you know, or even the third the second bar after it. But, you know, as a trader, right, you have to make the decision. Do you want to take this? You know, if if I

[22:12] see the market coming down, down down. Hey, we start to turn around here. I get this selling imbalance right here. It's telling me, you know, market came into the low, rallied off of it, opened up the next bar, started pushing lower, got this selling imbalance, but the price action of the bar, turned higher, closed higher. You know, that's telling me, hey, you know, price is being rejected down here. You know, I should be looking to get into this trade, get get long, you know. And again, it was it was a nice 10 or 15

[22:43] tick move. Now, before you know, you go out and, you know, mortgage the house and open up a trading account, you know, I got to tell you, sometimes it doesn't always work. Um, you know, here's an example where it failed. Okay, you came into this low. It's a new low low of the day. You got that imbalance right at the low and the market turned up started going higher but you know it came in and you know the selling selling came back you know you made a new low you know

[23:11] that's why you have to use stops in the market you know but I I want to show you that not every trade is going to work. I mean there's no 100% take it to the bank profitable trading indicator that you could trade around all the time. You know, honestly, if if there was, I'd probably be living on an island somewhere. So, what imbalances do is is they help you make better trading decisions and better entries. Okay. So, the next key to order flow that I I think will help any trader

[23:46] is delta and understanding what delta is. Delta is the difference between aggressive buyers and aggressive sellers in a bar. Again, what is an aggressive buyer? It's a buyer that buys at the market. What's an aggressive seller? You know, it's someone that sells at the market. Someone that sells into the bid. Someone that buys from the offer. Why is that aggressive? Well, imagine, right, you go to buy a car. You go to the car dealer. You go there thinking, "I want to buy this Corvette. I want to pay

[24:15] 50,000." The dealer says, "I want to sell it at 60,000." But one of you has to move on their price and the one that moves on their price is the aggressive one. So if you know the dealer thinks, "Oh my gosh, you know, I got a lot of inventory of Corvettes. I need to sell this." Fine. He goes down, sells it to you at your bid price of of 50,000. If you're aggressive, saying, "Hey, you know, I I need this car to show off to a to my new girlfriend.

[24:41] I don't care what the price is. I just want to buy it." You know, you're aggressive. You you pay the offer. And how is it measured? How is delta measured? Delta is, you know, the difference between the aggressive buyers and aggressive sellers. So, what you do is you take the volume that's traded on the bid the volume traded on the offer. So, why is that important? Well, you know, you're measuring the difference of aggressiveness in the market. So, you're either going to have net aggressive buying or net aggressive

[25:08] selling. And does a you know first I got to explain you know people think you know a market always moves up on aggressive buying. Well you can have aggressive buying late in a bar. You could have very aggressive selling early in the bar and you know there could be a divergence between the delta. It could be um you know the price could be going higher but the delta is still negative. And you know, conversely, if the market's moving lower, you know, what people think is the market can is only

[25:42] going to move lower on strong selling, not necessarily. You know, they may have been in a bar very strong buying early. And what happens is, you know, whoever that was that was buying, got their fill, got, you know, got everything that they needed, you know, you know, they're they're they're set on their on their hedge. They don't need to buy anymore. And then the market just drops. You know, it's not dropping on strong selling. it's dropping because there's no one there supporting the market. And you know, when a market is

[26:12] going to sell off from a high or when a market's going to rally off from the low, you have two things. You know, coming from a high, sellers are going to overwhelm the buyers. Sellers are going to take control of the market. When the market's going to rally off the low, buyers are going to overwhelm sellers. you know, when you're at the low, you know, people are working offers for the market to move. You know, aggressive buyers are going to have to come in and start lifting the offers and and take it

[26:40] higher and higher. And Delta is the key to picking this up when it's happening. Um, you know, but it's it's best explained by by looking at charts. And so here you have, you know, crude oil is a one minute chart. And you know the order flow charts will give you delta max delta min delta. I'm not going to get into max and min here, but what's important is, you know, you have a market that's going up, right? And you have, you know, here at this bar, okay,

[27:08] you got a positive delta 656, you know, it's strong aggressive buying. Next bar, you make a new high and the bar after it, you you hit the same high, but look at the delta, it's minus 72, you know, and zero even. Okay? and you you but you got new highs. So you don't have that strong aggressive buying that you had earlier, right? If if you're looking, you know, just really quick, if you're looking at the order flow, you can see, you know, as you're going up, you know, there's it's bid

[27:36] here is 667 239, you know, traded on the bid. So there's people selling it at, you know, into these bids as as you're going higher. So you know, there's interested sellers up here. And then what happens? You break out the high. This is what a stop kind of looks like when it gets triggered. In case you're wondering how it looks on an orderflow, you tend to see very small numbers on one side and imbalances on the other. But you pop up and you make a new high. Okay, very

[28:05] strong positive delta. You're thinking, hey, I got very strong delta on the high. Maybe we should be going higher. Then what happens in the next bar? It comes off and the next bar off. And you start working your way down. And what's the sign? Well, the sign is the delta. You got minus 234. Okay, maybe you're not convinced that, you know, hey, sellers have taken over. The next part is even a stronger negative delta and you got a bunch of imbalances in there. You know, in this

[28:34] case, you know, sellers have taken over from the buyers and you know, the move in the market lower, right? I mean, you're at the high, you got strong delta, why aren't you going higher? You know, if you're going to go higher, you're expecting to have positive delta. All of a sudden, you got negative delta right off the high. You know, the market is telling you that, hey, you know, sellers have taken over. You know, this is the beauty of of order flow is this information. You don't get this on on a

[28:58] normal bar chart. And you know, this this continuation, right? So, you can see the negative delta, the previous chart that I just showed you. This is the follow through. And you know, it it came, you know, it was a nice move lower. you know, you're talking 20 ticks over, you know, the next 15 minutes. Again, you know, crude oil, right? This red line is the low of the day. And what do you got? You got small deltas 39, 71, 38, 73, 27, 25. You know, this is people ask and say, "Hey, what

[29:32] does absorption look like?" You know, how do you know that, you know, the market has found a level that it can trade around that everyone's happy to trade, right? Markets exist to facilitate trade and delta is going to tell you generally that you know hey the market's facilitate facilitating trade by having small deltas no one's really in control. You know you got 39 71 38 73 27 25. These are very small delta numbers. Often it's the difference of one or two trades. Now this is a minute chart. You

[30:02] know maybe if this was a minute and 30 seconds this delta number would be zero or this delta number would be zero. and you're just sort of hanging around. You know, you don't have much price fluctuation. You're in a very tight range. Okay, fair enough. You know, Delta is telling you, hey, you know, the market's found a level where people are happy to trade and the market's happy to facilitate trade. But then you get towards the end here of this chart and you see, you know, a nice tick up, you

[30:26] know, 127, 181. You got two bars with some strong delta, you know, together. You know, here you got 7 177, but here this is a sign. Hey, you and we're starting to move higher. 127 181. The delta is getting more positive. This is the chart continued. 127 181 276, right? So, you see the the increase in aggressive buying. You know, aggressive buyers are are picking it up right here off the low. The market goes sideways over the next 10 minutes. You know this is you know the

[31:02] 3935 area and you know but the orderflow is telling you hey you know buyers are accumulating a position and what happens over the next you know the next 10 minutes you know we shoot up another another 10 ticks you know so that's information you know the delta gives you nice information that you can make you know good decisions off of you know again you know you see this stuff you know you almost every day happening Um, you know, sometimes it's not as beautiful as as some of these charts I'm

[31:32] showing you, but this is another example, right? Again, this is crude. You know, we're going up. You got strong buying. You know, 2234 1167 in the delta. It's all aggressive buying. You know, this one is probably another stop. You got a lot of zeros here. When you a big stop get triggered, you see you don't, you know, it doesn't really come back in right away. You get zero because the stop is trigger just listing every offer on the way up. Other traders jump in, you go

[32:00] higher, you got strong positive delta. Then you come here, you're at the new high 4098. Then what happens? The next bar, you get negative delta. Okay. Well, that's a sign that hey, you know, we're up here at the high. Sort of got negative delta. You know that that's not a good sign. You I'm not seeing the follow through. This number up here, 5917, is is a ratio that's unique to my orderflow trader software. I'm not going to discuss it, but when you have a ratio like this in a blue, it's also telling

[32:29] you that, you know, hey, the market's poised to to sell off. But, you know, what I'm talking about is delta. So, you have your sign up here, right? And if you want to take it a step further and analyze these two bars here, you got 22 34 1167 minus 286. What do you notice? The buying is getting less. You know, it's very strong here. And then it's cut in half. It's 1167. It's half the delta of the previous bar. And then the next bar doesn't even go anywhere. It's, you

[32:58] know, four price levels. It's an inside bar and you got negative delta. And then wham, this next bar after it, you know, it really comes off a very strong negative delta. you know this if you're not convinced in this bar and you wait for this bar to confirm it is still giving you a decent chance to get in and then the next bar up here at at 40 uh you know 4086 4087 4088 you know somewhere in this early in the bar is traded enough volume that you can get

[33:27] in and we sell off you know we sell off in a nice 15 ticks over the next you know three or four minutes you know but really what gave it away was this delta you you're going up on on less aggressive buying. You come off the high and all a sudden sellers are taking over, you know, and just, you know, conversely I'll talk, you know, at the low, you know, the opposite is true. Here's a nice move coming in down down 688 negativeus 398 at the low minus

[34:01] 132. In this case, you also have that selling imbalance that I talked about on a green bar. You got this green arrow, you know, which is also a sign by itself. But what you have is, you know, you're coming down into the low on less aggressive selling. I mean, it's sure it's making new lows and there is net selling, but it's lesser. It's getting less. It's I don't say drying up, but it's getting lesser. And then you turn around in the next bar and all of a

[34:27] sudden you got a nice big strong positive delta. You know, that's a sign right there. You know, maybe you're not convinced and you wait for this bar. You know, this one is is is close. It's borderline. It spends its time going sideways. You know, not every time. After every move, a market is, you know, going to come down straight and then go back up straight. Often times, unfortunately, it does sort of go sideways. Um, you know, that that that's trading. You know, we all like to get

[34:55] the nice move down, buy it off the low, and for it to go straight back up. But, you know, if you've been around the market long enough, you know, a lot of times you get moves like this, you know, but it's giving you a low a low risk entry, you know, in here because you know that, you know, aggressive buying is coming in and if aggressive selling, you could watch the delta and if it you notice it changing picking up, you know, strong negative again, then we might make another run at

[35:20] the low. Again, to move off the low, you're going to want to string together positive deltas. you're not going to move very far off a low on negative deltas, you know. So, what is delta? You know, briefly again, you know, it's knowing when one side is stronger than the other during a moment in the trading session. And, you know, that's very valuable information uh especially at highs or lows of the day or you know, swing highs or swing lows. So, the last thing that I want to

[35:52] talk about is point of control. You know, point of control is is something that right now is unique to order flow trading and you know it came from market profile. It's the price in a bar where you have the most volume. You know one again one of the problems that new traders face is they treat every price in a bar the same but every price is not the same. Some price levels are going to have light volume. Some price levels will have, you know, your average volume. And

[36:27] there's going to be one level that has the most volume. Again, that price level with the most volume is point of control, also known as point of control, P. And why is PC important? Well, it's, you know, it's the PC in a bar, right? The the price level with the most volume is the value area of that bar. Now, you know, step back for a moment. You know, just talking about trading in general, right? Markets spend their day searching for value. You know, they always they go up, they go down. What

[36:58] they're looking for, they're looking for an area where trade can be facilitated. They're looking for areas where everybody can trade and be happy. That's the value area. And why is the value important is because that's going to help you define the support and resistance. And more importantly, you know, when you break it down into, you know, individual bars, it's going to tell you where it's happening right now in real time. You know, if you look at a volume profile or a market profile, you know, that's

[37:29] spread out during the day. But when you're looking at individual bar, your point of control is going to be your value area for that bar. And how do you determine what the value? Well, it's the price level in the bar with the most volume. And you know, it puts a box around it. software will put a box around that area so you can see where it is. So yeah, you can see here, you know, you're going lower, right? You have lower points of controls. You know, on a

[37:56] market that's going down, you're going to have lower points of controls. On a market that's going up, you're going to have higher points of controls. On a market that goes sideways, you'll often have point of controls lining up at the same price level. So, you know, it gives you a visual, an additional visual beyond just, you know, an open, high, low, close bar or or a candlestick. You you you have a better idea of how a trend is moving or how a market is going sideways. And you know, again, value

[38:27] forms where you trade volume, you know. So, here you can see one, two, three price levels or one, two, three bars with the same price level. I know that you know roughly 2078 is you know that's an area where people are happy to trade you know this can be a a resistance level when we start coming off from the market from this level right here we start going lower come back up I know that this is a level that people are happy to trade at you know I

[38:52] would expect more of the same now when I talk about point of control as being support or resistance and you Let me tell you some examples you know and to me this is you know again one of the beauties you know there's a lot of beauties of orderflow trading but you know imagine right you're you're walking down the street you know like I always use the example of Jack in the bean stock and some guy pulls you into the alley says you know hey I got these magic beans you know

[39:22] what if a you know an old trader came up to you and said hey son I I could teach you how to find the support and resistance in the next bar based on the bar we're in right now would you be interested interested. Yeah, of course you'd be interested. It sounds a bit creepy though, some guy pulling you into the corner, but um in what you have here, right, your point of control, right, in this bar, say you got to now you have to determine, you know, are we in a move or

[39:49] not? And you know, if I say this is going to be the low of the move, I I expect the market to move back up. I know this is my point of control. I'm going to look at this point of control as being the support since I'm expecting a move up of the next bar. And what happens? You trade almost right down to it. You get within a tick of it. Then you have your new point of control here. Okay. Again, I'm still bullish. This is

[40:12] going to be my support level. What happens? The next bar comes in. We got one tick through it. Fair enough. That's not the end of the world. Like I said, it's support and resistance levels, not support and resistance price. So, it's it's fine to get through it by a tick or two. It's not the end of the world. And what happens in the next bar here? You got your point of control. You trade right down to it. Rally back up. Then here you got a red candle. Okay, fair enough. But

[40:41] you got point of control at the same level. You know, I'm still looking, you know, either as you know, these two or even, you know, this one as as my my sort of, you know, my my back stop fence. And what happens this next part? We trade right down to this point of control. Then we got a new point of control here. We're resuming our move back up. We trade right down to get through this point of control by a tick. New point of control again. You know, one, two side

[41:05] by side. Now, I'm feeling fairly confident we're trading above, you know, these two side by sides now. So, you know, I I feel that we're put in, you know, a level here, a fairly strong. And what happens the next bar? You trade right down one tick above this point of control and work back up. So, you can see how, you know, on on a move up, it's your support. You know, this is a five-minute chart here. You know, the previous chart I showed you was I don't know what it was.

[41:32] It was a three range chart. It was very tight chart, you know, but you know, five minute chart. Okay, we're going higher up up. Okay, you know, I've decided already we're going higher. I'm looking at the points of control as being my support. You have your point of control here. We get down to it by a tick here. Get down by a tick. Trade 14 lots. Go back up. We got a stack buying imbalance again, which is also bullish. You know, we pull back within the stack. You know, it's one tick above

[41:59] the stack buying imbalance, but more importantly, one tick above the point of control again. You know, new point of control here, you trade one tick through it. You trade eight lots through it. You know, your point of control here, you know, you trade within one tick through it. Okay, you get up here again. You trade right to this point of control. Okay, you get to the the high, you know, things start to change a little bit. You got a red bar. Okay, fair enough. You your point of control

[42:26] is here. You know, like I say, you know, support and resistance. You know, your support often can turn into resistance on a move down. What's important is, you know, it's here. And notice these next three bars, they all trade right up into that area. You know, you got negative delta. You got some nice imbalances up there. You know, it really looks like, you know, a market that, you know, at this point, I I would say this move is over. We're staying below this previous point of control. You got some nice

[42:52] selling in balances in there. The market looks like it's ready to come off. I I should have put the the next chart, but again, I just want to show you how how it works. Again, another fiveminute chart, you know, off the low. You have your low here. Um, you know, these are delta candles. It's the new indicator we came up with. But um so if it's positive, it tells you delta is positive. If it's sorry, if it's green, it tells you delta is positive. If it's red, tell you delta

[43:19] is negative. So we come into a low negative delta. Okay, we're hanging around, but I see delta getting positive here. So I'm thinking, hey, you know, we might start to move off this low. Okay, I got a green bar. You know, that's my first sign that hey, price action is changing, you know, and off this low. I got these nice balances, buying imbalances. 2,00 2,000. So, this bar is going to be the key. And what do we do? We rally, you know, we rally the next bar. You come

[43:47] right down to that point of control, new point of control. You get right down to it. Tick through it here. A tick through, you know, and you just keep going up, right? You got your higher points of controls as the market starts to move up. Okay, this is the third example. again, you know, you're at your low and you're looking for, you know, hey, is this market going to go up? Well, yeah, you have higher point of controls here, but really it's all sort of about the

[44:18] same level. You know, you got two here at the same level, one, two, three at the same level, these two at the same level. You're looking for a sign that maybe it it's going to go higher, right? You're at a low. You want to have a reason to buy ideally, and you're starting to see it here. You got, you know, you start to see it here, you know, point of control pulling in point of control, but then you got a red bar. Now you got green.

[44:40] Now you got another green bar, right? So your point of control right here at 66 and a half, you pull down again right to that point of control. This next one you pull right into that point of control, you know, just to continue, you know, you got down here one tick above, right down to the tick, you know, here, one tick through, traded eight lots, you know, you trade, you know, right to that point of control. You go sideways again. Again, now you found a new value area, right? You're

[45:07] talking about markets, you know, search for value area. Earlier, this is the previous chart. You have this value area where these points of controls are all around the same level. You know, people were happy to trade at that price, you know, but now price started to move. You found a new value area right here and the market pauses, it goes sideways points of control all sort of at that same area. You know, this is it on the next, you know, when when you scroll forward, then

[45:34] what happens? you continue your move back up, you know, but you know, again, you know, if you can determine that, you know, hey, that's going to be the low earlier, you know, look at the point of control. It's going to give you that entry, you know, the area where you can get in around fairly safe and have a tight stop, you know, not too far from it, you know. So, again, you know, what does point of control do? I think it gives you a solution to the problem that

[46:00] many tra traders have is, you know, one, how do you determine how if a market's going up or going down, you know, if you're having higher points of control on a move up, chances are the market's going to go higher. If you have lower points of controls as the market's going down, then it's fairly safe to say you have, you know, a move lower. And if you got points of controls going, you know, lining up going sideways over several bars, chances are the market's going sideways. And one of the added benefits

[46:31] is, you know, it gives you levels in the market that you could hide behind with your stops. So you don't have to have, you know, an arbitrary stop that's so far away. You could hide behind a point of control from one or two bars before that, you know, if you get through there, it's a warning sign that, hey, you know, maybe this this trade is not going to work out. So, you know, if there's one piece of advice I give you, stop doing what doesn't work. You know, I I said, you know,

[46:58] since I started up my company, order flows, I've dealt with a lot of traders that keep doing the same thing over and over and they wonder why it's not working. Well, it probably because, you know, they can't make it work or it doesn't work. It's flawed.
