---
video_number: 27
inferred_title: "Orderflows Market Analysis February 22 2017 ES ZB ZF 6E CL Day Trading Futures Order Flow Education"
inferred_date: "2017-02-22"
video_id: "xYjB5X-nHj4"
source_vtt: "20170222 - Orderflows Market Analysis February 22 2017 ES ZB ZF 6E CL Day Trading Futures Order Flow Education [xYjB5X-nHj4].en.vtt"
word_count: 7144
segment_count: 1005
---

# Orderflows Market Analysis February 22 2017 ES ZB ZF 6E CL Day Trading Futures Order Flow Education
*Date:* 2017-02-22  |  *Video ID:* xYjB5X-nHj4  |  *Words:* 7144
*Source VTT:* `20170222 - Orderflows Market Analysis February 22 2017 ES ZB ZF 6E CL Day Trading Futures Order Flow Education [xYjB5X-nHj4].en.vtt`

---

[00:00] Hey everyone, it's Michael Altos here and this is the order flows market analysis for Wednesday, February 22nd, 2017. And today, you know, the Dow posted its ninth straight record close, although you know, barely. It was I think it was just like uh 2 of a percent at uh 2775. Existing home sales came out today and you know, they posted some solid increases despite uh you know, lesser homes being on the market. and the FOMC minutes came out and you know surprisingly I was a little bit shocked.

[00:32] I thought uh you know Fed officials were more ready to raise interest rates at the last meeting um sort of based off of what was being said in the last week but anyway um you know we got the next meeting in March and you know we'll see what uh what transpires then and you know oil moved down below 54 bucks a barrel. So, you know, before we jump in, brief disclaimer. This presentation is for educational andformational purposes only and should not be considered a solicitation to buy or sell a futures

[01:02] contract or make any other type of investment decision. Futures trading contain substantial risk and is not for every investor. An investor could potentially lose all or more than the initial investment. Risk capital is money that could be lost without jeopardizing one's financial security or lifestyle. Only risk capital should be used for trading and only those with sufficient risk capital should consider trading. past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. So, there's four tools I'm going to be showing you in this presentation. It's the order flows

[01:26] trader footprint chart and a few of my proprietary indicators, the flip, the U-turn, and the transition. So, you know, it's very very uneventful day in the S&Ps and you know, we we you know, just looking on a 10 range chart real quick, I'll pull it in. It's it was basically flatline um most of the day. I mean, you know, there really wasn't much. I mean, we did have the Fed minutes come out, but still beyond that, you know, basically between 55 and we got down to 55 and a quarter

[01:58] um you know, around 6:00 in the morning, you know, our overnight high 63 and 75. 63 spot 75 and we just surprisingly we we traded in that range the entire day. um you know off this low here you did have a divergence but you know we did sort of get up near the high just after 1:00 but you know for the whole entire day we've basically you know we were contained so you know it's you know it's one of those narrow range 7 days probably I haven't looked at a

[02:28] daily chart but you know out of these very quiet days you know oftent times that's going to lead you know probably tomorrow or the next day into you know into some pretty volatile uh market conditions. You know, I wouldn't be surprised to see the market um you know, put in a big move either tomorrow or or the next day. You know, that that's what I would be looking for after a day um you know, like today where you're trading where you're trading in in such a in

[02:59] such a tight range. You know, it's think of it like this, right? It's a rubber band. You take the rubber band, wrap it around your fingers, and then let go. um you know and you see how the rubber band just snaps everywhere or not everywhere but you know picks up a lot of uh motion and you know spins around and slaps and hits you in the face. But um regardless I mean you know the what the the level I was looking at today which I'm surprised

[03:22] we didn't reach. I thought there was a few times we were going to hit it. Of course we'd have to take out the high was yesterday's high at 22 sorry 22 2365. Um I even drew a blue line in there. I'll keep it in for tomorrow. I wouldn't be surprised if you know we make a run up at it. But, you know, this this morning in in the order flow, there were really there was some false starts. Um, you know, go here to where the cash

[03:45] opened. Um, this is after the cash, you know, 835. Yeah, this was the delta surge. Again, I really wasn't interested in it. Then coming down here, you know, you have the three in a row. One, two, three. And you ended up with four ratios. So you got one, two, three ratios, then a fourth one, you know, then the green bar. I I like to get the green bar in here. So I'm looking for a pullback in between um the third and the second bar between the points of controls, which

[04:13] would be here at 57 to 57 1/2. You know, kept trading down. You know, we popped back up here to 6 1/2. You got this dogee bar here. Then we started pulled back up to 7 and a4. But again, it's quite far we moved away. you know, I don't like to um, you know, get a signal here and then be taking the trade way over here. I'd be looking to take the trade, you know, within the next bar or two or three even. You know, once you're getting four

[04:41] bars away from, you know, the the last bar of a three bar setup, I mean, what, you know, do do you really want to take it? It may work, it may not. Um, but really, you know, I'm looking to get in a little closer to, you know, where the entry, uh, you know, where the signal is kicking off. Not, you know, after you make a little bit of a move down already, then start retracing back up. Because what's going to happen often times is, you know, you're coming down,

[05:05] you're coming down. You know, ideally, you'd like to be getting short. You'll be liking to get this green candle here and get the pullback within this bar or this bar and then make the move. Not go down, go down, continue on down, and then get a pull back up here. Because what's going to happen often times is you're going to keep going down down down, you know, past your entry, past your signal bar, you you get down to a low area and then you start working your way back up. And

[05:29] you know, at this point, you don't really want to be short anymore because it's going to have a tendency to keep going back up. And you know, we just sort of hung around here actually and you know, eventually we sort of came back up. But you know even if even if you you know you you got shorted here in between these two at 7 and a quarter if you're miraculous you were able to sell 7 and a quarters here or say you sold sevens you know this is at uh what time

[05:53] is that you know 8:42 you know then you're just hanging around here all this time you know it's going nowhere you know just you know don't stay in it you know the move is not happening at this point you know get out um then there was another came up here. Now, this yellow line here, right, that's the opening price. And on on days, that's going to be trendless, you know, or I say trendless, but no direction. You know, you tend to find the opening price and just sort of

[06:22] hang around unchanged all day. And, you know, there was a move here. I thought, you know, maybe this is it. This could be the area where we pop up and take out the high. This was uh around 9:38 this morning. And so we're above the opening price, you know, the value area at that time, you know, was was down in here, you know, much much lower actually. Um it was around 58 and a half was the upper area of the value area. So we're moving away from value, right? And I'm always

[06:52] looking for the times when the market's moving away from value to find another value area. And you know, I'm thinking, hey, you know, now we're we're maybe we're possibly doing it. You know, we got the Delta surge kicking off. We've got a stacked imbalance here. And I thought maybe we could. You know, this bar sort of ees up and then you run into this bar, right? The high is this green line, high of the day here. And remember at 65, which is just above is yesterday's high. So I thought, you

[07:17] know, looking at this, you know, hey, maybe this is it. Maybe we're going to finally take out the high. But what you get up here, right, you get this, you know, what people like to refer to as minus development, which is, you know, the market not doing what it's supposed to do, right? which is just as important as the market doing what it's supposed to do. You know, people get so caught up trading, you know, with with indicators that, you know, if an indicator says buy

[07:41] here, right? It doesn't say, well, if doesn't buy here, sorry, if it says buy here and sell there, but you know, if you're reading the order flow, you can see this minus development. So, you know, even though normally, you know, these imbalances here, buying imbalances on a bar that's turning down, you know, that's minus development. Why? Because you got these buying imbalances, you expect the market to continue up, keep going up, right? I mean, you know, normally when you get a couple imbalances stacked on each other's is

[08:06] buying imbalances, it's bullish for the market. But in this case, it didn't happen. This is minus development. And what happens is is the market comes down. So, you know, at this point, you know, what's causing this minus development? What's causing that to happen? Well, you got to imagine, right? This green line is the high and we're sign finally getting on the other side of value area, right? We're trading high. We're above the opening price. We're up here near the highs. People are coming in and saying, "Hey, this is it." Especially

[08:34] after, you know, for the last couple weeks been, you know, almost every day we've been making new highs in the contracts. And no, it's 9:40 in the morning. We're we're up near the highs. People are saying, "Hey, I better jump in. We're going to go rally 10 points." So that's why you got all these buying imbalances here and here, right? You've got aggressive buying people lifting the offers. You know, I don't know if they're retail traders. I don't know if they're institutional traders. I I don't

[08:58] know. All I know is they're wrong, right? That's what the order flow is telling me. The price action in the order flow is telling me because why aren't we trading up here? Why didn't we take out, you know, the high at 3 and 3/4 and trading four? Because there's sellers up in here. There's people up here to sell to the buyers, you know, willing to offer it. Even when it goes bid here, you know, 1794, you know, sellers came in and sold it to them, right? And then the market drifts back

[09:23] down. So, you know, this is a case of the market not doing what you'd be expecting it to do. Everyone's piling in. You got the aggressive buyers. You got these big imbalances, but at the same time, it's met with resistance. You know, it's met with sellers, people that got a lot of supply up here that they're willing to sell. So you know this is at 22 uh sorry 22 23 63 and we we sell off you know down back down around the opening price at 60 just

[09:48] sort of hanging around there again I can't get interested you know taking any sort of you know imbalances or whatever around the opening price because you know on slow days look I mean look at this you've got imbalance uh you got point of control right at the opening price again another one another one another one another one you know it's just lining up right there no direction whatsoever ever at all. Um, you know, then we start creeping back up again. You know, 62 1/2 here. You seeing some

[10:16] volume come in. You've got, you know, a buying balance in there and the market gets smacked down again. You know, this arrow is drawn by the software just to, you know, highlight, hey, idiot. You know, you've got a a stack buying imbalance at the top of a red bar. You know, it's a ratio as well. So, it's telling you there's some stopping volume, you know, right right here, right now. Um, you know, then you just sort of hang around here. one bar, two bars, you know, you get up to the next

[10:40] one and then you make the move from um, you know, so if you know 62ish area, you know, if you're getting short here at 62 based off of this this point of control at the high, you know, this arrow telling you, hey, there's a buying imbalance at the top of the bar, which is on a down candle, which is bearish, right? And, you know, I said you just hang around here. I mean, he does get up to 62 and a half before selling back down, you know, down down down down

[11:05] below um, you know, to the 58s, 57 and a half. This here is the, you know, it's 1:00 at this point. Honestly, you know, you had the minutes come out, FOMC minutes come out at 1. I I don't think you'd be trading around that time anyway. But nevertheless, you know, reading what's been going on in the order flow, you know, this is the delta surge given a buy here and you know, just trades up a little bit and but again, we just sort of hang around this

[11:31] opening price. You know, it's a directionless really a directionless day. We get back up to two, you know, again, hit two. There's just nothing, you know, then we we close the day up here at uh was at two and a quarter. So, you know, not much going on in the S&Ps this morning, um, really to talk about. So, let's take a look at, you know, look at the five years, right? I I I have the the five years. You five years were interesting. Um I'll take a

[12:01] look at the bonds in a second but you know 5 years what I found very interesting and you know it's something that again you know you can only see if you're looking at the order flow and to a certain extent the uh volume profile is this was at uh around 8:45 this morning this area in here at 118 even look at this volume you're seeing here 6,000 3,000 4,000 10,000 4,000 5,000 2400 you know add that up real quick I mean just rough roughly 6,200 plus 3,700 plus

[12:33] 4700. You know that's already this is you know the these three prices here is already almost 15,000 lots. Then you got another 10,000 and you know 4,000 cents. So this is 15,000 here plus another 5,000 plus another two. So um you know this is you know over 20,000 contracts here. So 15,000 at this level. I'm just talking these these three bars here. I'm not talking about anything else. Yeah, your point of control for the day was at this point was obviously this 118 or 11731 and uh 3/4

[13:09] you got 15 you know you got 10,000 15,000 there another um you know what is that I I say 20 20ome thousand so you know 30 some thousand contracts traded within you know a half hour right at this area so what I'm looking at you know I I I'm looking at it when we're trading down here at 31 one, you know, if we can stay down here, you know, it could be very bearish for the money. This is your resistance level, right? You know, and so we pop back up and we

[13:37] get through it actually by a couple ticks here, it's not the end of the world, right? When you're dealing with resistance levels or support levels, you know, people can tend to get fixated thinking it's got to be that one price, you know, 118 even. So, if we trade 118 even and a quarter, oh, the level failed. No, it's not. You know, sometimes you you poke through it for whatever reason, okay? Just because you poke through it by a tick or two doesn't necessarily mean that it fails.

[14:02] And what happens, you know, over the next hour, 9:00, boom, boom, boom. You know, from 118, even we'll call it 117 31 12. Where' we trade down to? Um, all the way down to uh 28, you know, and even even lower later. Again, I'm not going to say you'd be holding it all the way till to the the announcement of the minutes, but um you know, we did trade all the way down from the to the lows, but you know, but realistically, you know, from 17

[14:31] uh 3031 rather, you know, down to 11728, that's a beautiful move to get in the in the 5 years in an hour or so. Now, the bonds, you know, people, you know, bonds wasn't as pretty as as the five years were. The five years, you know, it really it really just it really just stood out. Um, where's my bond chart here? Whoops. U, you know, bonds and fives, you know, move together, but, you know, sometimes it it takes a takes a while for them to move in the same direction. You know,

[15:07] one may be ticking up a little bit while the other one's ticking down. and and back and forth like that. But um this is the bonds this morning. Really wasn't much either in the bonds. Just like the S&Ps, I didn't really find anything worth uh worth trading. But where are we here? Go back here. We had the high, you know, this was interesting. We had this high here at uh 750 this morning. You do have a divergence. Nothing else. Um you just sort of go sideways. You trade back up

[15:40] to it. you get within two ticks of that high, you trade back to that point of control, right? Um, take this off. That a little smaller so it's easier to see. So, what do you got here? Point of control of this bar is right here. You know, when you trade, you trade it right back up to it. This is a setup that I have written about many times, you know, and it's on my website. I've recorded multiple videos on. It's called the O2X. And what it is

[16:08] is you have the high and you pull back within two ticks of that high. Literally two ticks. And your stop is just going to be right here, right above that high. So, you know, you can be getting short at 04. It did go bid there. So, if you were working an offer at 04, you would have been filled. And you know, your stops at 07, so it's a three tick stop. and we came right back up there to 04 and then sold off um you know all the

[16:34] way down to you know the 20s mid 20s. Um eventually we did go lower, but you know, for me, you know, getting five, six ticks, you know, out of a out of a bond trade is is good enough, especially if you got a a three tick stop. You know, you get, you know, 2 to one is is good. You know, I mean, you could have been patient and held on, you know, for another half hour and gotten a heck of a lot more. Um, you know, I mean, it

[16:57] traded all the way down to 08. So, again, you know, I'm not saying you you'd be holding it until the FOMC minutes came out down in here. Oh, it's not down here. This is about a half hour before it opened. Now, you know, I talk about when you have multiple divergences, we'll look for the market to keep going lower. Although, you know, what's the time? 12:51. By the time you got the third divergence, 1:00 is when the minutes come out. You know, you don't want to be sitting in a trade thinking,

[17:23] I think this market's going to go lower. And then you got to sit through a big uh data, not data, but you know, a fundamental um release, you know, the minutes. So, and then you can see how it just snapped, you know, over this is 1:00, you know, 1:00, 2 seconds, 9 seconds, 20 seconds, 54 seconds. So, you know, this is 101 and 35 seconds, 102 and 19 seconds. So, you can see how volatile it is when the minutes were released. So, I mean, you know, any anything

[17:56] you're doing, you know, right up to 1250, you know, forget it, you know, forget it. you can't take that analysis going into the release of release of that report. Um, you know, so again, you know, and then after that, you know, there's there was some movement, but really at that point, I'm really not interested, you know, even though you do have a racial bounce low here, blah blah blah. Um, you know, single print here, you know, we trade back up there twice. Okay. But you know

[18:27] honestly after those minutes come out I like to give it at least 15 minutes to settle down and sort of the market to sort of find its footing back and then where were you? You're back at unchanged. So you know those were the the order flow. Now when you're looking at the indicators um and we'll start with the 987 charts today. Uh I haven't looked at all these charts yet actually. I've looked at a few. I was watching a few of these, but this one I

[18:58] haven't looked at, but I want to pull it up. I'll talk about it. Nothing really in the Euro currency. Um, go back. Anything earlier? No, nothing earlier. So, you had two signals here. This one and then this one. You know, this one worked. This one obviously didn't. Um, you know, not going to hide it from you. If it didn't work, it didn't work. I'll show you bonds. Uh, you know, bonds were were nice. Honestly, I wasn't watching it on the bonds. I didn't notice it until, you

[19:31] know, 2:00. But, you know, there was this is the transition, right? Settings. Same settings. That's on the Euro currency. 3 100 400 3400. Look at this. Go back. That's overnight. Nothing. Uh, well, basically, it's in seven. There's nothing. We got a sell here at uh you know what is that 15128 the area between 28 and and the figure but that's it sold off all the way down. Again I'm not saying you hold it all the way up until 1:00 but you know it's just sort of going here going you know just

[20:11] you know poking in your favor a bit you know hanging around break even before it makes the the nice move. Again, this is a you know, from I don't want to say from 20, you know, 15128 to 15028, but you know that that's that's a that's a $1,000 move right there on a on a one contract. So, you know, that was it in the uh then later here. Okay, this is just around the close 2:00. So, okay, so there were two trades in this one. Yeah, it did sort of

[20:43] go down lower. Right now, we're in the evening session. and we're trading uh 15114. So, but again, I'm not saying you'd hold it until the next session, you know, by by 2:00. I'm done. I'm done with the bonds. 2:00. Why? That's the old floor close hours. And why did the floor close at those that time is because um you know, that's basically when the cash market closed. No point in trading bonds when the cash is closed. Now, E- Minis 987 tick chart. This time again, you know,

[21:16] these have been the 987 tick, right? The bonds, uh, Euro currency. Now, the E- Minis. So, here, uh, this is 9 around 940. You get a sell. Boom, boom, boom. Again, you know, let the market take you in. Just cuz you get a buy here, just don't go ahead and buy and then place your stop down there. If you could, well, think about it. What would you rather have? I'd rather have give up a two ticks for the market to take you in and get a more accurate trade rather

[21:42] than risk, you know, a point, you know, four ticks and get stopped out. I'd rather let the market take me in like this one, right? You have your low of this bar, you know, so you take your entry, you know, you look, okay, let the market take me in. So the say this low is 62, you know, I say, okay, if we trade down to 61 and a half, I want to be in. Like here it's 60. We'll call this 60 and and a half. Okay, if the

[22:07] market goes up to 61, yeah, okay, then I'll be in. Okay, it doesn't. So you're not in. Um, you know, this one, you know, this would have taken you in. I don't think you would have got much out of there. Probably would have scratched this other trade in here. This one I don't think you would have been taking it because even though it did sell off, it looks nice. Again, it's right going up until 1:00 and I wouldn't be trading, you know, any anything at 1:00.

[22:35] Uh crude. Let's see if I got a crude chart in here. 987 tick. I think there was I don't know there was on the crude. I said, you know, crude is around 54 bucks. So, there was some sells here, it looks like. Okay. So, going back here's a buy started poking up. Didn't work out. This one, you know, the next bar. No. No. Then here started giving you some signs. Okay. Maybe this one, you know, you're only talking 47 down to 46. You should be giving it more than

[23:12] one tick. I think like here, I'm not saying, oh, you know, this low is 54, you got to get in at 53. No, realistically I'd be looking, you know, um 51, 52, 51. You know, this one probably would have stopped you out. This one again, some similar 54 got down to 52. So, I don't know. You know, that one is probably safe to say it didn't work that great in the crude, but you know, in a couple markets, you know, those lights out. Uh the flip real quick. Um this is my Dow

[23:55] 10 range chart. Yeah, this one didn't really go anywhere. It gave you a sell here. Did go down down down, but still not much to get excited about there. Uh what else? All right, this is the U-turn here. Um, so a three- range chart. Okay, I'm not really too interested, you know, what's going

[24:35] on at 5 or 6:00 in the morning, but there is, you know, did give you a buy right on the low of the day. But regardless, um, you know, here, not really here, a little bit of something. You know, this one, this high, it did work out quite nicely. This swing low. Yeah. Okay. I don't know. It'll be close to getting you stopped out. This one didn't work out. But again, that's 1:00. Um, you're not going to be taking any trades there. This was, you know, 2:00.

[25:06] I'm not sure, you know, if I'd be looking to be trading, you know, after the minutes come out. I mean really, you know, the market was very dead quiet all day and then you got the minutes come out and the market just sort of goes back and forth and is doing nothing again. That doesn't lead towards a good uh you know towards a good I don't know what the word is um good trading opportunities. You know, you'd want to see the after the after the minutes come out, you'd want to see, you

[25:35] know, take out the high or the low or something sort of movement, but you're just not getting anything. So, it's hard to get uh get excited at all on that. The last one I'll show you is the So, what was that? That was the U-turn. This one is the uh one of my favorites. I'll say my favorites is the chart that I like looking at nowadays is the YM, the mini dow, the 10 the 100 tick chart. Okay, let just get it up here. Okie dokie. Um, again, you know, stay

[26:10] away from the 1:00 time. And going back, this is pre-cash. You know, the cash opens here. You get a sell, didn't work out. You get some buys that did, you know, the sell worked out. This buy worked out again. You know, this one sell here, I probably wouldn't be interested because, you know, it didn't go any further down. So, you know, you'd be interested in this long. Yeah, this one. And you again it ticked by a tick or two then eventually came through. But you know these are much clearer, right? Blow

[26:45] it up. You know where you get the buy. Then the next bar is clearly up. You know just like here you get the buy. The next bar or two is clearly up again. Next bar two is clearly up. Just like the down bar here. This up bar here. This one. No. This one. Maybe 11:00, you know, going into 1:00. Yeah, I don't think you're going to be taking anything 12:30. Uh, okay. I'm not really interested in

[27:26] this. You know, I said you just give it 15 minutes to rest. I mean, if if you took it, you know, you'd be stopped out here a small, you know, maybe break even. You know, 2:00 maybe you could be looking to take it, but again, you know, I'd like to see some sort of reaction from the market. There was none. You know, we're sort of back to trading nowhere. You know, late in the day, we did get another another another after the close rally from 45 up to 70, but that's not

[27:57] much of a rally. You know, this was a nicer one from this area. You know, what is that? 7:30 up to uh 765. So, yeah, I showed you the three indicators and the orderful footprint chart and how they performed today. Um, you know, so not bad. You know, I mean, in the crude oil wasn't that good, but you know, you got some nice moves in the minis, the mini Dow, the bonds was was a beautiful move. Let me see if I got another chart I could show

[28:29] you. Again, it's uh yeah, I'm not trying to just pick these charts. These are the same charts that I show you pretty much every single day. Um yeah, the people say, "Oh, you're just showing the charts that it work." No, you these are the same sets of charts I I show you guys every single day. you know, the 987 tick chart, the 100 tick 987 tick chart, you know, on those different contracts, the um 100 tick chart on the mini Dow, you know, the footprint chart on the

[29:00] four range bonds, you know, on the three range S&Ps and, you know, so it's not like I'm out here trying to, you know, just, you know, pick these things um and and show you, you know, when they work. But, you know, anyway, I'll show you this chart. This is the Euro currency, right? This is an eight range chart. Now, this is everything thrown up and on there. Not everything, but you know, the U-turn, the transition, and the flip. And, you know, it confuses. You know, people tend to think that,

[29:29] hey, you know, if I got one indicator that works halfway decent, if I put more indicators on, you know, I'll be three times as good, right? If I've got three indicators. It doesn't work that way always. And part of the problem is people don't know how to separate the trades. you know, they think, well, I'll just, you know, trade it from here to here and then there there. And and it's it's it's wrong because, you know, each one, you know, works differently. So, you know, just really quick, you like

[29:55] the arrow is the flip. You know, these the blue and the red arrow is the flip, the hash is the U-turn, and the transition, I don't think there was one on here today. The transition is like a a cross sign. Um yeah, there's not. But um yeah, but anyway, so this is an eight range chart. So you when you throw all three up on there, you know, it looks a lot messy, you know, and you're going to have some that failed and some that you know like you know this, okay, this is

[30:31] the transition here. So I mean, you can see here, right? You got this double bottom, you've got the U-turn, you know, at a double bottom. You know, you got to sometimes you got to apply all your knowledge of trading when you trade. You know, people think, "Oh, I got an indicator. I can just kick back and print money for my new ATM." No, it's it's not like that. Um, you still got to think of these things. You know, if you get, you know, the the U-turn,

[30:56] which you know, obviously U-turn, it should be a reversal indicator. You know, you should be happening at an area. So if you're looking at it actually, you know, it's actually a triple I say quadruple bottom, but again this is 1:00, you know, nevertheless it's it's giving you those the same technical um signs. You know, here you're sort of coming into a base and here 130 123 124. You know, you're looking for a low. You get a swing low. You get a sign here with the U-turn.

[31:25] Just as up here, you're sort of peaking up here. You get a sign up here to get short and then it comes down in here. Okay, at this point maybe the low hasn't been found yet. It doesn't happen for another couple bars and you find your low and then you go back up and then you come back in here. You get another swing high and you work your way down, you know, from this is at 250 252, you know, right now in the evening session trading down here at uh

[31:51] at 61 or 10560. So, you know, it's gone down from basically the 77 75 area down into the 60 area. Um, you know, and then it it's it it's confusing for people sometimes, you know, the more they put on a chart, the more confused you get. You know, I mean, I I understand that, you know, people think that, hey, you know what? If I got this one indicator and it works nice, then if I just put another indicator on, you know, it's going to give me more trades and more trades. No,

[32:22] don't don't do that. You're going to get yourself in a lot of trouble because then you're going to be you know getting out of trades too early because you know what there's a signal here and then there's a sign you know you have a sell here rather than trading this you get a buy signal here so you got to get out you know this one fails and then the market keeps going you know you could have rode this one out maybe a little bit more I mean you know it's there's a

[32:44] lot that goes into it rather than just throwing up an indicator on your chart and you know and thinking okay I could just turn it loose especially if you don't understand how to use it, you know, and and I get people that don't understand how to use it. I mean, no, no offense to them, but, you know, at least take the time to to learn what, you know, what you should be looking at, what you should be looking for in terms of, you know, is is this a reversal

[33:11] indicator? Is this continuation indicator or what? You know, I mean, oftentimes, you know, people, I don't care. I just want to put it on my chart and get turn it loose and um you know get to work on it. Um see if there's any other any other useful charts I could run through real quick here. put that on there. I thought I had a one minute chart of the E- Minis.

[33:55] But anyway, um just bear with me for one second. I I can't find it here. I I wanted to show you another chart of the U-turn, but I just can't find it here. Okay, wait here. I think I've got it. Okay, so anyway, this is a E- Mini. It's a one minute chart. Again, this is with every, you know, with kitchen sink thrown on it. Uh, let's make it a little bit bigger so it's easier to see. Scrunch it up a bit. So, again, this hash is the U-turn. This looks like

[34:36] a square box. If you open it up, it's actually a it's actually a cross. That's the transition. You could change all these things if you want, but um let's just sort of scroll back to around the cash open and walk you through it here. Cash open. Okay. So, the U-turn is giving you here a couple buy signals. The market goes up. You know, these sell signals don't work. You know, the market's going a little bit higher still. Again, this one fails transition sells right down into this

[35:12] low where you get a uh you know a bullish signal. Again, you know, I say you let the market take you in, right? Just as here you have a sell signal. Well, which way to take? Okay, if it's a reversal indicator, okay, you want to move to reverse. This I don't consider a move that you're reversing. This I do. Right? You're coming down here, you get a buy signal, and then you're starting to go up and it's it's not really that much higher than any of these previous bars. It's

[35:42] equal high to the previous bar. And even the fourth bar and fifth bar, it's still below. So, it's it's not really a move to reverse yet. So, you know, people will say, ah, you know, it gives a buy here and it gives a sell here. Well, it's reading the order flow, right? It's not a red light, green light trading system, you know, read what's going on in the market, you know? So, if it's a reversal, the U-turn is specifically by the name U-turn means reverse. So, if you're trading something

[36:10] to reverse, have a move to reverse. You don't have a move here that's ready to reverse, you know. So, if you could overlook this, you know, at least you would have got this move and then you have a move up here that's giving you a sign to reverse. So, you go from there down to here. Again, this was a very tight range day. Um, these these buys, it just goes sideways on you here. Um again, you know, this one, yeah, maybe if it just goes sideways on you again,

[36:38] another one sideways on you. Uh this is coming into the two to the the FOMC announcement. Um you know, 2:00. Is this a move? You know, honestly, you ask yourself this. You know, you're looking at this. Say, you know, you're coming up on this this signal here. Okay, it's 1:55 in the afternoon. Okay, I got a signal. What should I do? Get short? Well, it it would probably be a lot more efficient if this if this bar was trading up here around 62 and a half,

[37:12] not at, you know, 60 or 60 and a half, which is where you've just been trading. You've been in this zone, in this range for the last hour. You know, at least up here at two, right? You have a move up. if you've been working your way up that maybe it's it's it's a decent location trade location for taking a short I wouldn't be interested in getting along off of cuz that's where you've just been you know hanging around trading at these areas at least here is after a you know

[37:42] I'll say a move cuz this market didn't really move today but you know where you'd rather be getting short you know at 62 or down here at 60 and the market's just going sideways you get some back and forth stuff here. This is right ahead of the close. You know, we reopened. We're in the night session right now. I'm recording this. It's 5:00 in the afternoon, 5:17 um or whatever. And so anyway, we're trading down here at uh 6062 right now. So anyway, um so thanks for

[38:15] taking the time to watch this. You know, to learn more about the trading software and these indicators using this presentation and how you can profit from orderflow trading, visit my website, www.orderflows.com. And thanks, and I hope to see you on the inside. Bye-bye.
