---
video_number: 42
inferred_title: "Orderflows Market Analysis May 5 2017 Emini SP ZB ZS CL 6E FGBL Futures Day Trading Order Flow"
inferred_date: "2017-05-06"
video_id: "uN1jItPqWW0"
source_vtt: "20170506 - Orderflows Market Analysis May 5 2017 Emini SP ZB ZS CL 6E FGBL Futures Day Trading Order Flow [uN1jItPqWW0].en.vtt"
word_count: 6574
segment_count: 907
---

# Orderflows Market Analysis May 5 2017 Emini SP ZB ZS CL 6E FGBL Futures Day Trading Order Flow
*Date:* 2017-05-06  |  *Video ID:* uN1jItPqWW0  |  *Words:* 6574
*Source VTT:* `20170506 - Orderflows Market Analysis May 5 2017 Emini SP ZB ZS CL 6E FGBL Futures Day Trading Order Flow [uN1jItPqWW0].en.vtt`

---

[00:00] Hey everyone, it's Michael Baltos here and welcome to the Orderflows market analysis for Friday, May 5th, 2017. Again, my name is Michael Baltos. I'm the founder and trader at orderflows.com. And Friday was finally you got a nice move in the S&Ps. It had been very quiet most of actually going back into last week and you finally got some movement uh late in the session on Friday around the just before the cash close. You got a nice rally from uh around the 93 area all the way up to uh

[00:27] 99. So, you know, we're we're coming right up on, you know, new contract highs and, you know, we'll see what's going to happen over the weekend with the election in in France. Now, the big thing on the calendar on Friday was the employment uh data, and you know, it showed the unemployment rate falling to a 16-year low of 4.4%. The non-farm payrolls rose better than expected, 211,000 in April. Now average average hourly earnings did manage to rise about.3% month- on-month but then again the prior month was

[01:05] downgraded.1% and the year-on-year rate actually going into reverse at 2 and a half%. And why is that important? You know if you're going to have a healthy job market you want to see average hourly earnings increase not uh stay stagnant. And you know I mean you hear stories of people making less money now than they than they made 10 years ago. So, you know, that that's not a sign of a healthy economy, but um you know, hopefully with our new president uh making America great again, things will

[01:30] get better. Now, I'm going to talk about uh you know, order flow and again, you know, if if you're new to order flow, what makes orderflow so you know, so good. I hate to say, you know, so valuable, but you know, makes it very useful tool for most traders is because, you know, orderflow deals with the reality of the market. you know what's happening, seeing the market moving forces in action and to judge, you know, what's going on rather than, you know, I said, you know, relying on a

[01:59] technical indicator that's, you know, taking an average of prices over a period of time. You know, with order flow, you can see what's happening between the buyers and sellers, this internal struggle in the market. You know, that that's what you want to be looking at to make better trading decisions. So, uh, before we jump in, the brief disclaimer. This presentation is for educationalformational purposes only and should not be considered a solicitation to buy or sell a futures contract or make any type investment decision. Futures training contains

[02:25] substantial risk and is not for every investor. An investor could potentially lose all or more than initial investment. Risk capital is money that can be lost without jeopardizing one's financial security or lifestyle. Only risk capital should be used for trading. Only those with sufficient risk capital should consider trading. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. The tools I'm going to use in this presentation is the Orflows Trader, which is the footprint chart, the Delta Scalper, and the Delta Surge. The Delta Surge is free on my website, and you

[02:54] know, I'm going to show you some examples of the Delta Surge, where they work, where they don't work, and explain to you really how to use it a little bit better. Um, you know, people have been downloading it recently off my website, and sometimes, you know, they they don't understand how to use it. It's pretty basic, but still um you know when you when you download it, first thing you have to do is restart Ninja Trader. All these indicators, they run on Ninja Trader and you could download a copy of Ninja

[03:21] Trader for free. I think you still can and you can run the indicators on there. They also have a paid version if you want to route your orders through Ninja Trader to your broker. So anyway, um let's jump uh jump right in. you know, the real interesting move, the uh the big move in the S&Ps happened late in the session and you know, it was the delta scalper, sorry, the delta surge that you know, really keyed you in. Now, delta is an aspect of order flow that um you know, it's one of

[03:53] the you know, the core um you know, the core building blocks of order flow analysis. And what it does is it tells you, you know, the net buyers and net sellers, you know, who is in charge of the market. You know, on a market moving up, you want to see delta be positive. On markets moving down, you expect to see delta be negative. And, you know, 246, you're coming into the high, you got buying imbalances one, two here, and you got the delta surge kicking off. So, you know, you're going

[04:25] into the highs. Buyers are really coming in. Buyers are taking control of this market. And we make this nice move from 2393 93 and a2 all the way up all the way up until the close you know at 23 when we hit 23 uh what was the high 90 99 or so u but you know that was that was a nice move going you know and going into the close and it was just it was there you could it's very obvious you know it doesn't take uh a rocket

[04:53] scientist to determine this you know again you know every time you make new highs or new lows question you should be asking yourself, are we going to continue making new highs or make new lows or, you know, make new lows or are we going to come off these highs or lows? In this case, you could by reading the delta, you have a fairly good uh accurate depiction of the market that buyers are taking control of this market and we're probably going to go higher and we do. So, you know, that that was

[05:19] like the to me I think the the biggest no-brainer trade on Friday. Okay, the next market I want to talk about is is crude oil. Crude oil has been uh pretty volatile the last uh few trading days and you're getting some nice nice movements and you know Friday did not disappoint as well. Now what I'm going to talk about on crude oil is the Delta Scalper which is a paid indicator and Delta Surge which is the free indicator and you you'll see some different variations. They read Delta in

[05:49] different ways and so they're not they're not the same thing. Um they read Delta completely different. So then you're not going to get them kicking off at the same time. That said, now one of the basic things, you know, I said anytime you have any sort of analysis or indicator and you know you want to buy or sell, get confirmation in the bar as well. You know, if you're looking to sell, bar should be low. I bar should be red. You know, it should be a red

[06:16] candle. You should be closing the bar that you get an indicator firing off on. You also should have the price action in the bar, you You know, so if you're hitting a sell, right, you should have a red candle, meaning the bar closed lower than where it opened. You know, here you got a sell and the bar closed higher than where it opened. You know, just because you have a an indicator fire off doesn't mean that you have to take the trade. You know, again, orderflow is not

[06:38] a red light green light system. Um, you know, you could have, you know, a delta signal here like here you got negative delta with a green bar. again um you know just because it's not always going to be negative delta and a red bar or positive delta and a green bar. No, perfect for examples here you got a down bar, you got positive delta. Here you got negative delta and an up bar. But you know there's different ways to read this and you know if you're taking a signal a sell signal

[07:06] you don't want the price in the bar to be trading higher um by the close of that bar. You know what you want it is to be uh the bar to close down. So, um, you know, people they don't understand that and they just take every signal that that appears thinking, you know, it's either going to work or it's not. Um, you know, that's not right. I mean, what you want to do is you want you always everyone says, I got to have an edge in the market. Well, you're giving

[07:29] up an edge if you're looking to sell and the bar itself is closing higher, right? I mean, why would you do that? I mean, people do, but uh, you know, then they write nasty comments about, oh, your indicators don't work because, you know, I lost money on this trade. when you're you not even using your basic uh analysis of you know filtering out trades like I said you know I mean people you know everybody wants everything done for them but it can't be done for you up to a certain point you

[07:56] know you can't be a robot in trading you know you use your mind right the market is made up of you know different traders it's not made up of different robots you know and you know what you see nowadays what I see nowadays is a lot of people coming into trading that you know have program I say I don't say programming experience you know but I think nowadays you know with computers you know 30 years ago you didn't have you know basically computers for trading but you know people are familiar with

[08:26] coding and you know what they do is you know every line of code has to be correct or the whole thing doesn't work and you know basically they say oh I got a sell signal here it didn't work well they're removing this one step of analysis. Yeah, sure. I could have had a program to say only give a sell signal when the bar turns down or, you know, only give a buy signal when the bar turns higher. But, you know, there's going to be cases, you know, you got to use your

[08:55] you got to use your head. I hate to say use your brain because I had a a senior person there at JP Morgan. He would always say that to people said, "Use your brain." And it was kind of degrading to hear that. We would we would joke about it. Um, you know, we say, "Hey, use your brain." you know, they would all have this this laugh. But, uh, you know, it's it's just another way to call people an idiot. But, you know, the best computer for

[09:16] trading is the one that's on your shoulders. And, you know, if you're not using that in your analysis, then you know, you're leaving a big thing out of it. So, anyway, you know, so you're going to see times where it does fail, but you know, if you, you know, you'll increase your percentages is taking the trades that make sense. Not just every single trade. There's going to be trades that make perfect sense, trades that are borderline, trades that make no sense. You know, if you get rid of the trades that make no

[09:43] sense, then great. Borderline trades, yeah, they'll have some, you know, honestly, there'll be some that you like, some you don't like, and some that just make perfect sense. And one of the ways for me, I think that, you know, trades make perfect sense is you get the um, you know, underlying price action of the bar to confirm the buy or sell signal. So, you know, this again is 7:30 on 3 minutes after non-farm payrolls. Probably wouldn't be taking any trades anyway. 3 minutes passed. Um, so this is

[10:11] a sell. This one failed, but again, you probably shouldn't be taking that. Here you get a sell. This is the type of sell you want. You know, it's coming after a swing high. You got the down candle in the bar. I mean, does it come back up and fail? Yeah. But, you know, this one at least got a little bit of movement down then failed rather than just, you know, completely against you from the get- go. Um, you know, I know people that will trail or stop and, you know,

[10:37] maybe broke even or something on this trade. I don't know. But, you know, I' I'd over the long run taking the trades, you know, the the sells with the red bars versus sells with green bars is going to put you ahead. And but again, you know, non-farm payrolls is a big number for the markets. And again, you know, I I don't know if I'd be trading so close. This is 733, 737. Non-firm payrolls is one of those, you know, I like to give the market at

[11:02] least 15 minutes, preferably 30 minutes to settle down and just sort of go on it. It's its normal trading courses. So, excuse me. Anyway, that said, here you get another sell signal. It got the red candle. That's what you want. Next bar down, next bar up, up, and then back down again. And then you're just sort of going sideways here. Now, and you got the sell signal at 748. It's already 803. So, about 15 minutes. You know, it it gave you one push lower, another push

[11:30] lower, now sort of circling back up to um you know, where the signal occurred. Then here you get a buy signal, green bar. That's what you want. You get three bars up, one bar down. Again, it's the delta scalper. Don't be looking for this to be long-term trades. Reason I called it the delta sculper is because I was looking for quick moves based off the delta here. You get the nice bar down, but it comes right back up. Just basically going sideways on you. This is

[11:58] the delta surge. This green, but it's coming on a red bar. So, probably not very good idea to be taking that even though it just it comes downward, stops you out, and then makes the move. You know what I prefer is the moves like this where it's the green bar and the delta surge, excuse me. Then it uh, you know, comes up, makes new highs, starts going sideways, sells off again. Here you got Delta Surge giving a buy, but it's on a red bar. You know,

[12:30] it's not going to be very effective. And it just comes down lower before going up and making new highs. This is also the delta surge here also with the stack buying imbalance. Again, you get up, you make uh you know, next bar is up, next bar is up. Then you got the delta surge scalper giving a sell here. Comes off. This market's pretty volatile this morning. Yeah, you're getting moves, but they're short-term moves, you know, you know, over the next bar or two. Uh any other signals? So, you got

[13:04] these stacked imbalances. I won't get into that here. Um, again, yeah, you got the delta surge this time giving the cell and this is what you want, right? You want the red bar. Then you see you're making a nice move down. This is the delta scalper here giving you a sell right up here at the swing high after this nice move from 4622 all the way up to 4656. You got a sell. Come down. You got a buy here and the Delta Scalper giving a buy. Again,

[13:35] it's the Delta Scalper. It's not the Delta long-term trader. So, you should just be looking for the quick hits in and out. I know people that do have this indicator and they've programmed the trading system around it for quick hits and trail their stop to get out really quick. Here's a delta surge given a sell red bar. That's what you want. Another delta surge here. a red bar, but honestly, you'd be short from, you know, in here. There's no reason to be taking the next one when you're already

[14:05] short. This was a nice move. Um, then you got the Delta Scalper giving a buy here. Nice little move up. Delta Scalper, though, here is on a red bar. That's not where you want to be. Delta surge rather. That's not what you want to be taking. You don't want to be getting long on a bar that's turning down, closing negative times. It's 12:00 here. Delta Scalper given a sell here and you get a nice few bars move lower. Delta scalper given a buy. Nothing happens. This one

[14:34] didn't work out. You saw a lot that did. Um this one didn't. And what time is it here? It's 1:00 2:00. Well, that was it there. That was the crude oil. Okay. Next market is soybeans. Just so you can see, you know, how this how these things work and and same concepts work in different markets. And soybeans is uh obviously different than crude oil and different than bonds and different than S&Ps. But you know the same concepts apply. Same concepts apply no matter what you're trading. And

[15:05] here you have your high in the soybeans. This is 833. And then you got the delta scalper giving a sell. Delta surge follows up with another sell. And you make a nice move from 981 all the way down to 978 area. Here you got the price rejector giving a buy. You got a single print. You got a ratio there. rally back up towards the high. Don't hit the high. Got a ratio up there. Sell. Come down here. You got stack cell balance and the uh delta surge given a

[15:31] sell, but it doesn't work out. It just goes, you know, this one would have stopped you out. Um again, I'm not just trying to show you all the times they work. You know, when they don't work out, I also want you to see that. Um you know again you know my my thing is not necessarily just to uh sell you software but you know I want to sort of educate you and show you times where things don't work out because you know there are times where not everything uh is

[15:51] comes up roses. Here you hit the high again um double you know the high that you made here earlier. First time you trade 37 now you trade um you 142 lots and then you hit it again. You trade 10 lots start coming off. You've got the delta scalper giving a sell here. You got a couple of imbalances here. Got the delta surge with stack. Sorry, you got a stacked imbalance rather. It's not a delta surge or anything. This is just a normal stacked imbalance. And you got a

[16:21] nice little move here. It happened really quick though. Uh later you got the delta surge given a sell and you got a stacked imbalance and you know we move from the 979 area 979 and a half area down to the 976. Pause a little bit. more selling comes in. You can see it being picked up here in the delta surge. Come down into this low. I'll say low. It's the opening price of the day. Um 973 and 3/4 and you sort of bounce around. Got another delta scalper given

[16:55] a sell here. But again, that's at 108. The market closes at at 115. So, you know, this one you probably wouldn't have been taken cuz it's too close to the close. But, you know, there were some nice moves to be had in the beans. See, this was a nice one. Could got in 979, take it all the way down to at least 975, 974. That's a nice move. Now, the other thing again that that I wanted to talk about, you know, just really quick on, you know, the

[17:22] importance of the delta surge, you know, and how I came up with it in my own trading was, you know, if you're looking at minute-based charts, okay, this is not a minute-based chart. This is a rangebased chart. And you're just going sideways here, you know, up, down, up, down, bearish, bearish, not going anywhere. But you could see how the delta is, you know, it's kind of flat in here. Once - 175, 121, 85, 90. But then it starts picking up 90 - 90 - 288 -

[17:49] 460. That's how you could see the buyers are taking control or sorry, rather not the buyers, the sellers. The sellers are starting to dominate this market. And then they they take over more selling down here. And you know, that's what you're looking for. That's that's how um you you get use out of the Delta surges on a market that's that's going sideways. Even back here, right? Look at this. We're trading basically between um what is that 982 and roughly? So, call it 982 and 98 even. So, about two cent range back and

[18:26] forth. And then you see it just really pick up here. Boom. Sellers really come in here. even got stack cell in a balance and then it just falls over from 980 all the way down to 974. Um, you know, that's that's that's the beauty of it. I mean, there's times it works. This one it didn't work, honestly. Um, I would have expected more out of this one, but it just wasn't happening here. But again, you know, I want you to see the times where they do

[18:49] work, times where they don't work. Okay, so the next market uh I'll talk about here is the bonds bond market. And you know, there's some nice trading opportunities in the bonds this morning. You had this high up here uh 15210. The first time you hit it, you don't have a ratio. You do have a divergence. Second time you hit it, you don't have a divergence. You do have a ratio. And you know, I've talked about this O2X trade where you have the high with the ratio. You get the pullback

[19:16] within um you know, two ticks of that high to get in this one. You know, if you listen to me and you did it, you would have gotten in here because at 08, you know, it was 08 bid. So if you're offering at 08, you got this unfinished business here. So you can see it was 0809. So there was a chance to get filled and you got a nice move from sorry this is the high is 08 not 10. Um and then you know from basically

[19:44] 06 all the way down to you know down here where you can see got your first buying coming in here at uh you know 24 that area um you know 23. So that was a nice trade we had. And this is the delta scalper given sells. So yeah, delta scalper given a cell, but the bar is green. So you know, I'm not really interested. The second one, you know, this is what you want. You want the delta scalper to be giving you a cell and you want the bar to be red. So if

[20:12] you took this one and your stop is just right behind here, you'd be stopped out. But if you took this one, that made sense. This first one doesn't necessarily make sense because it's the red bar or sorry, the green bar. You want a red bar if you're taking a sell. you know, you want the price action to confirm, you know, that's why I didn't have it programmed in there as something because one, I didn't think, you know, people would be, you know, say silly enough to be

[20:35] taking trade, you know, taking sells on bars that are trading higher where they opened. And two, you know, I still like to do some analysis. You know, I do think there should be some analysis on the trader part. And so this again, you know, if if you're not doing the O2X, if you're just taking the Delta Sculper by itself, you know, it's giving you a nice sell signal here. And again, it's giving you a nice uh nice little move down here, you got the delta sculper buy.

[20:58] It's a green bar. That's what you want. And it's giving you a nice little move there. And we just sort of go sideways before later in the day. Uh sorry, this is around, you know, here's 8:13 about and 40 minutes later, 50 minutes later, starts selling off. Hit the low. got the price rejector given a buy, but it's um you know a divergence, no ratio. Here was a delta scalper given a sell. Didn't work out. Um it just would have went sideways all the way up until

[21:26] the close. Okay, this is the Euro currency and this is the Delta Scalper. Again, there's three examples, three trades here. Two worked out, one didn't work out. And you know this first one, red bar. That's what you want. Second one, red bar. That's what you want. You got a little bit of a move lower before it turned around and start going back up. Then here you got a delta scalper, but it's a big green bar. That's not what you want. You know, you want this, you

[21:56] want this. You want the red bars for cells. You want red bars for cells. Now, again, I'm just going to just in case, you know, people would say, "Oh, you know what? He's only showing times that it worked. It didn't show signs that didn't work." This is the Delta search. again going back until 7 this morning, you know, just to see um again, you know, 7:30, you're not going to be trading it during the non-farm payrolls. I could show it to you, but the market's moving super fast. You're not going to

[22:19] be really trading it at that time. Here's another example. Delta Scalper gave a sell, but it's on a green bar. You know, it's at 706, 25 minutes before the number came out. Would you be interested in taking it? Probably not. But again, it's still it's a green bar. You shouldn't be interested in taking it. And this was earlier European session. Now, uh, where am I here? So, let me go back to that time here. Okay, this is that little grouping here. Sell, sell, sell. But, this last

[22:50] one you shouldn't be taking. It's the green bar. And I'll show you something, you know, for all of you that are interested in it. It's a nifty little uh indicator. Boom. You got your high of the day. You got a ratio with a divergence, which is good enough for taking a sell. You come back up. You know, you wouldn't have been stopped out if you taken this trade, but you hit that high again. So, it's a double top. This time, you got also a divergence, but also you got the delta scalper

[23:17] giving you a sell. And what do you do? You know, you're at your high of the day. Really, the first sign here, 37.8, this ratio, the divergence, single print, all that is telling you you should be getting looking to sell anyway. Come back up here, it's screaming at you, you know, sell. I mean that's the beauty of what order flow does is it it shows you what is happening in the market and it's up to you to act on it. You know I mean if you

[23:44] see things that make perfect sense you know to me these highs appear make perfect sense to be getting short on it's I don't see any reason to be buying looking for us to keep going higher. You know even though you you hit the high you come off start coming back up. I don't think it's really I don't see any reason to be going getting a long at this point. Instead, I get another sign to be going short. And what does it do? It sells off from this high up here at what was that

[24:09] high? 21 and a half. But realistically, you know, you could be getting short somewhere around 19, 18, 19. And you know, we just just go sideways to say sideways, but you know, you didn't get a big move down. I mean, you traded down to 08, so at least 10 full ticks in the Euro currency and you just bounced around sideways um for the rest of the afternoon and then, you know, later it did rally. I'll say rally, but I guess it did um going into the close,

[24:39] made that new high. But again, you know, to be sitting here from, you know, these highs at 10:57, you know, 11:00, it's an hour later, you're just sort of hanging around, you know, 2 hours later. You get out. You don't sit there, oh, I'm going to hold it till the close, waiting for the market to continue selling off. No, you know, it's had an hour, it's had two hours to make the move. It's not going any further. You get out. You know, I know some people will I know types of people out

[25:08] there, they'll send me this chart saying, "Oh, you know, he gave you a sell here. I got short and then I got stopped out up here." you know, why why are you getting short at, you know, 11:00 a.m. and you're holding it? You have all this time where it's in the money for hours and then, you know, it's not till 2:00 that it starts moving against I say moving against but moving back up to the 20 area and then you're getting stopped out right on that the extreme close of the

[25:37] day. You know, if if the market is going sideways for an hour, it's you know what's going to happen? Well, you got two choices. It could either continue going sideways or it can go against you or it could go in your favor. So you got, you know, two out of three choices that um they're telling you um you know to to get out. One that it's going to go sideways some more you know so if it is might as just get out now or two it

[26:02] could go against you. you know, yes, there's one chance out of three that it can continue going down, but you know, unless you really see something outstanding in the order flow or, you know, anything else, any other reason, you know, don't sit in the trade. Don't get married to the trade. But, you know, some people they do. I mean, unfortunately, that that's one of the problems with with traders that they face is sometimes they don't know when to get out. But, you know, if you're in

[26:26] a position and you're not getting any confirmation that the position is going to continue in your direction, then you get out. It's it's not that difficult. I mean, think of it in real life. You know, we've all been in relationships that just aren't working out. At some point, you got to cut that relationship and get on with your life. You know, you don't want to prolong your your suffering. Um, and the markets are the same way. you know markets and people think the market is something rare you

[26:55] know that you know has its own mind no I mean the market is made up of people and their emotions and what happens in your everyday life is you know also happens in the markets it's just in different terms and you know you got to realize what those the similarities are to you know what what is going on in your your personal life and your everyday life I mean you know going to the grocery store making decisions on should you buy something on sale or not is is basically

[27:22] price action order flow. So this next one I'm going to show you is is one of my other proprietary indicators. It's the transition and you know transition is is an indicator that I created that I used to do the analysis myself and you know I just wanted something to show it up on the screen for me so I could free my mind up to work on and look at other things. And you know the reason it's called the transition is because you know it wants to find areas where the market is

[27:47] transitioning from buyers to sellers or in other words supply market supply driven market to a demand driven market. And you know that's why it's called the transition and wasn't very many signals on Friday but here okay you know going back you can see there's nothing in there. So you know here just before 8:00 you had a small buy. This is a mini Dow 100 tick chart. Hit a buy. Yeah, market went up a little bit. Nothing special. Came back down. Then you got this nice sell here.

[28:17] Immediately shot down. Came back up. Shot down some more. I don't think you'd been holding it all the way up here for it to come back down. Realistically, you know, look for the mini Dow. As soon as it starts going against you, get out. Um, you know, trail your stop. Um, nothing in in here. Then late in the day catches the big move, you know, from 9:10, you know, all the way up to basically all the way up to the close. So that's a nice move there. Even got

[28:44] this nice little squib of a move. Nothing special. 910 down to, you know, below 900 before sort of working its way back up. But this is really the move that you want. Okay. Lastly, I'm going to talk about the buns, German buns today. Um, and it's it's again, it's just to reiterate taking trades in context of the market, right? If you be looking to buy, you know, look to buy buy look for reasons to be buying it off the lows. So here, you know, 811, you've

[29:13] got the new low of the day. You got buying and balance, buying balance, buying balance, stack buying and balance. Here you got delta surge giving you a buy as well. You know, those are the trades you want ideally. Um, you know, you're buying it there off the low. You get a little bit of a move, go sideways on you before you got the delta scalper giving you a sell. Come down into low again. And you got the delta scalper giving you a buy. It's on a now

[29:35] it's on a dogee bar. You know, again, it's up to you if you want to take it or not. You do uh shoot up a bit, then just sort of go sideways, come back down into lows. Now, you have the stacked selling imbalance on the low of the day. Do you make new lows? Is it a winner? Yes, technically. I mean, you do make new lows by about, you know, what is that? 50 uh 54. Get down to 49. So about five ticks and it's just hanging around there

[30:03] going sideways on you. So you know is is it the greatest trade? No, not really. Um you know again it's it's one of those things you know try and take trades in context. Yes, it could go lower. You know it can go one tick lower and it did go lower you know by definition or you know honestly I would expect it to go a little bit you know I personally I just find it's got more capacity to go up you know if you're buying it off the low

[30:27] than you know selling into the lows. Now again that doesn't mean that you can't sell at the lows. You can cuz market can continue to go lower. But you know read what you're you know over time you know look at your trades look how well they perform. You know are you finding yourself repeatedly selling into lows or buying into highs and those trades not working out or you your trades that have bigger winners? You know are you buying it near the lows or selling it uh near

[30:53] the highs? Again, it's it's Yeah, I saw a quote, right? There was a quote by somebody Paul Tudtor Jones. Um, obviously, everybody's familiar with him. Let me just dig out the quote if I could find it. Um, Tudtor Jones, I believe the very best money is made at market turns. Everyone says you get killed trying to pick tops and bottoms, and you make all your money by playing the trend in the middle. Well, for 12 years, I've been missing the meat in the middle, but I've made a ton of money at

[31:22] tops and bottoms. Again, it's not trying to pick tops and bottoms. It's trying to pick when it's turning. You know, those those are the moves that you could get. You know, like here we're turning. You're getting a buy sign a buy signal here. You here it's turning. You're getting a buy signal. You know, these moves have big capacity for movements. So again, you know, you got to decide, you know, what kind of trader are you? Um you again, I'm not saying, you know, are you trying to pick tops and bottoms?

[31:51] No, you know, but if the market is telling you, hey, this is a good buying opportunity, don't pass it up because you say, well, I'm not trying to pick tops and bottoms, you know, I don't want to do that. Um, you know, if the market is saying, hey, it's buy it here, idiot. You buy it. Uh, plain and simple. Um, what more can I say? So, anyway, that will conclude it uh for today. It's been an interesting week. Again, you know, Sunday, you got the election in France. It'll be an

[32:18] interesting uh reopening of Globex, the electronic session on Sunday night, US time. And you know, I know uh I'll be uh I'll say glued to the screen, but you know, I'll definitely be watching it and seeing what develops. So to learn more about orderflow trading and the software I have, uh visit my website, orderflows.com. And thanks and have a good weekend, everyone.
