---
video_number: 51
inferred_title: "Orderflows Market Analysis May 22 2017 ES ZB ZF ZS 6J 6E Futures Day Trading Market Reaction In Orde"
inferred_date: "2017-05-23"
video_id: "r5CCbQZjAGQ"
source_vtt: "20170523 - Orderflows Market Analysis May 22 2017 ES ZB ZF ZS 6J 6E Futures Day Trading Market Reaction In Orde [r5CCbQZjAGQ].en.vtt"
word_count: 5709
segment_count: 797
---

# Orderflows Market Analysis May 22 2017 ES ZB ZF ZS 6J 6E Futures Day Trading Market Reaction In Orde
*Date:* 2017-05-23  |  *Video ID:* r5CCbQZjAGQ  |  *Words:* 5709
*Source VTT:* `20170523 - Orderflows Market Analysis May 22 2017 ES ZB ZF ZS 6J 6E Futures Day Trading Market Reaction In Orde [r5CCbQZjAGQ].en.vtt`

---

[00:00] Hey everyone, it's Michael Boss and welcome to the order flows market analysis for Monday, May 22nd, 2017. Now, it was an interesting day uh big update again in the S&P. So, you know, we're coming back on a lot of, you know, the loss that we had on Wednesday. Now, again, I'm recording this. It's about uh just before 900 p.m. on Monday night. There was the bombing um in London, not London in Manchester rather at the area Anna Grande concert and you know in case you're wondering

[00:36] what the market did off that it it sold off but not much. Um I mean it's it's a sad state that we're in when you know you got a bomb goes off in in a major city. you know, the Manchester Arena in Manchester is is the largest indoor arena in in Europe and, you know, S&Ps, you know, before it went, you know, before reports started coming in, we were trading in the '9s, you know, low, you know, high 89s and we we sold off down to um, you know, 20 86 and

[01:10] 3/4. And, you know, that that's not much of a reaction. If you're looking at the bonds, you know, usually you get um, you know, some sort of bombing. You'd see a flight to quality generally and you're not seeing, you know, pretty much anything happen and the markets aren't really reacting. That's a sad state that we're in nowadays is I hate to say it, you know, but these um, these events, these bombings are becoming like part of life. You know, you just got to accept it. That's scary. That's

[01:39] scary. You know, honestly, if if this was, you know, 10 years ago, 15 years ago, and, you know, something like this happened, you'd see the market down 10 points. You know, you'd see bonds rallying, you know, full bond points. But, you know, now you're not seeing pretty much anything. You know, we got a little bit more action in the overnight session than you did all day in the um in the main session in in the bonds. I mean bonds were doing nothing yesterday. I mean literally nothing. You

[02:12] know you got your normal distribution day there. I mean even when I say that it's extremely small very tight range very light volume. But you know it's just a very quiet quiet day in the in the bond market yesterday. But you know before I jump in I I should really go through the brief disclaimer. This presentation is for educational andformational purpose only. should not be considered a listation to buy or sell a futures contract or make any other type of investment decision. Futures trade contain substantial risk

[02:42] and is not for every investor. An investor could potentially lose only or more than initial investment. Risk capital is money that can be lost without jeopardizing one's financial security or lifestyle. Only risk capital should be used for trading and only those with sufficient risk capital should consider trading. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Now again, you know, I I I say this I put this disclaimer up there because, you know, partly the reason I put that up there is because I want to deter people that

[03:06] thinking, you know, trading is easy. Trading is is hard work. And, you know, there are a lot of people that thinking, you know, I'm going to learn day trading like you could just pick up a book, you know, that you that you buy at uh the bookstore for $19 and you become an expert trader. No, of course not. you know, just as you know, you can't just pick pick up a book on medicine and all of a sudden, you know, start curing people or performing surgeries. Of

[03:31] course not. Um, it just doesn't happen. But anyway, you know, now that I got that through and hopefully I've dissuaded a few people um that aren't really serious about trading, um, you know, let's go in. There's some very interesting things in the market. We'll start with the British pound this morning. Excuse me. So, I got this damn cough. Next week, I don't know if I'll be doing these recordings. It's uh Memorial Day weekend coming up and I do have some plans. Um I'm overseas though, but I

[04:00] still got plans even though it's Memorial Day. It's uh the British pound this morning. You know, let's look at seven. You know, people say, "Well, you're starting at seven because you had some losing trades." No, you know, I did a nice um ratio here with the point of control at the t the swing high and the delta scalper giving a nice sell. You know, it was a nice it was a nice move. You know, you went from the uh 1320 area down to 130. Even price rejector is giving you a

[04:26] buy here. You do rally back up, but I'm I'm more interested in this high. You get up here near the high of the day. And you have a couple things. One, at this high, you have the delta sculper kicking in. You have the price rejector also giving a sell. You don't have a ratio. You're uh two ticks off the high. You know, this is a rare case where the Delta surge came before the Delta Scalper. This is Delta surge. This is Delta Scalper. Usually, it's other way

[04:53] around, but in this case, it's right up here. Um, and you do you sell off again from the 30, you know, well, this this bar here actually in the 24s down to, you know, down to 10 that area. You do have the delta scalper giving you a buy here. Now, again, you know, when I say, you know, you have this delta sc really, all it does is it reads delta. I don't want to get into the analysis of the delta every single time the delta is

[05:18] giving me a sign with the delta sculper. That's why I created the delta scalper to basically take that effort off of me, you know, that analysis off of me and and just sort of free up my brain for other things because, you know, when you're looking at chart, an orderflow chart or any type of chart for that matter, you know, there's a lot of stuff going on, right? And sometimes, you know, you're looking at one market and something's happening in another market and you not quick to pick it up because,

[05:43] you know, it may take you 15 seconds to do the analysis, but you're sort of focused on one market. You know, you're maybe you got a position on there and that one requires more of your attention, but you know, out of the corner of your eye on another monitor, you start seeing something flash. You got the Delta Scalp or the Delta Surge or, you know, any of these other Delta tools or orderflow tools. you know, it just gives you it's like having a trading assistant, you know, I don't

[06:07] know how else to describe it. It's like having someone do the analysis for you. Um, in this case, it's the computer, right? It's just reading the delta, the order flow, you know, and then take into account a few other things and, you know, giving you that sign that, hey, you know, you have a potential buy. You know, you still got to pull the trigger as a trader. Um, you know, it doesn't take it that away from you. But, you know, really what these are are tools.

[06:31] You know, I I like and I like to say, you know, these are like the slap you upside the head dummy indicators like, "Hey, don't miss this." You know, because, you know, you do have, you know, most traders, most day traders do monitor more than one market. You know, even I see these pictures of guys watching domes. They'll have 20 domes open up on there. But are they really watching 20 domes? No, of course not. They're concentrating on one, but they're constantly scanning. Right? Now, imagine if you had a tool that can

[07:01] highlight to you when something's happening in a different market. You know, you don't have to, you know, twirl your head around looking at, you know, 20 different screens or 20 different um what you call it, 20 different uh charts or domes. So, anyway, we do rally. We got we go up from, you know, 130 even where you have the buy there. You get all the way up to the into the um 50s. Actually, you come off. There's there's nothing in the order flow other than the

[07:29] divergence up here. I would have liked to get the ratio up here because this was would have been a nice sell to take, but um it didn't show up and then we just sort of, you know, drifted off into the close for, you know, from 10:30 all the way up until 3:00 in in essentially a very tight range. I showed you the bonds. It was it was kind of it was a very tight range in the bonds. I showed you that earlier. Now I'll show you the

[07:51] five years. five years, you know, as as well in a kind of tight range as well this morning. Um, you know, it's going from seven this area here. You have the delta surge giving a buy here, but you know, it's a very tight range. You get up to this high, it's a ratio. Sorry, it's a divergence. There's no ratio. You go sideways, you start getting some align PC's, start rallying up, you get another divergence up here. No ratio. This one's kind of close though. This one's closer. Um,

[08:18] it's 085. I like 7. you do sell off, but a very uneventful day. Um, again, you know, what's happening right now in the evening session, you could see we've gone up a bit. Um, you know, as as news came out about the bombing in in Manchester, but then you just drifted back. Oh, okay. You know, I mean, I don't know. Um, you know, reading reports that it was a suicide bomber and stuff, but it's at the point now, you know, people unfortunately um I don't want to say don't care, but

[08:48] you are getting used to it. That's scary. It's the world we live in nowadays. So anyway, um let's look at the Japanese. Yeah, you do have the delta scalper giving a buy there, but I could talk about it. There was one thing more interesting up here. Up here you got the high, you have a divergence. Okay, this divergence worked, you know, a naked divergence. Here you got the delta sculper given the sell. So you know you know things are changing here up in this at this high of the day with with the

[09:18] delta with selling taking over and you know you're seeing a shift from you know buying to selling. You see all this move up here all positive delta. Now all of a sudden you see this move lower all negative delta but really the sign that it was changing was up in here right with the delta sculper giving you that that sign. Now you come down here, boom, boom, you get the trap traders sell, then immediately follows with the trap traders buy. That sucks. You know, sometimes it happens.

[09:46] You know, I said, you know, you could only trade what the market gives you and then it's given it to you right there. Um, it's unfortunate that it was one right after the other. Usually it's not one right after the other. You know, I said sometimes it doesn't happen and then sometimes you get twice a day. Now you know the other thing is you know I have this filter for the um balance uh the volume threshold on the imbalances set to to one actually normally have it kept at 50. Now you

[10:15] know what difference does that make? Well if I have it set at 50 this one will show up. This one against 50 will show up. This five against 22 won't show up. Now is that important? Well, it is because, you know, if you want to filter out not strong imbalances, I mean, you know, is 5 against 22 strong? Yeah, maybe. I mean, you might consider it. But is zero against nine? No. Two against 10? No. One against five here? Not really. You know, those are not

[10:47] strong. But, you know, in this case, you know, currencies, I like to see them all and then make my decision. Five against 22. Yeah, it's borderline, honestly. Um, one against 50 definitely. But you know, like one against five, no. Um, zero against five, no. But you know, you know, one against seven, no, of course not. But, you know, I like to see them all on currencies. Now, if you said, you know, if you had set it at 50, this would not, this one would not show up

[11:14] and this one would and it would look terrific, you know. But again, I I'm showing it how it looks with everything. So, you know, people don't say, well, you know, you're filtering it. Well, in this case, I'm not. And sometimes that's what you get. But even if you took this trade, you took the loss, you came right back, took the next trade, which is this one. You got everything back and then some. Then you get up here, you get that new high, you got the delta scalper

[11:37] giving a sell again. You got the divergence. Okay, but no ratio. You do sell off a little bit. Um, come up here, make new highs. Now, this what I'm talking about. You know, you got the arrow there, but you know, imbalance is one. So, it's not an accurate. You know, you got very thin volume up there and it's sort of giving you this sign. If if I had the imbalance volume threshold set at 50 or above, this arrow will definitely would not show because it'd be, you know, one of

[12:06] the requirements is the imbalance and, you know, the other stuff. But it's it's just not happening in there. I mean, it's appearing because, you know, I I have the imbalance set at at the lowest volume threshold. That's why it's it's taking all this stuff into account. And then um 9:45 we do rally. We get up to new highs. Price rejector here, price rejector there. You don't have a divergence. You do have the U-turn giving you a sell there. Um you start coming down. You get a delta sculper buy, but it's on a red

[12:38] bar, so you're not interested in that. Here you have the trap traders again, and you get a nice little move up. But then you get here you've gotten the uh delta scalper giving you the sell and you see you you just basically come off down into the lows of the day. Um you get this buy signal here but you just go sideways. Now S&PS the 10 range even though S&Ps were up a lot today. Um 10 range honestly didn't really give much in terms of trading

[13:11] um what you want to call it trading clues. you know, it's kind of a tight range most of the morning and cash open. We just sort of worked our way up and we're putting in these bars with, you know, this bar here. You put in 139,000 contracts, which is a lot for a 10- range chart. Um, you started coming off of this high, you got the ratio down here, then you start rallying up, you starting seeing multiple buying imbalances, which on a 10 range bar, you

[13:35] know, even though you don't have a stacked imbalance, if you've got multiple imbalances in that bar, it's still quite effective. I mean, you can see You know, here you got two. Here you got two. Here you got two. On the way up, right? Which is what you want to see. Here on the way down you got two. Back on the way up three. And you go next bar up another three. You hit this high. You got a divergence. This was interesting. Again, you know, this is a bar you put in

[14:02] decent volume. Um, where am I here? I'm confused. uh on this bar here you had negative delta 4,000 positive max delta um 5,000. So, you know, you did get there. You had some very strong buying. Then it came and it changed and it sold off a little bit, but then buying came right back. You know, very little selling in this bar. And this one, you know, again, we put in some decent volume. You know, once you start getting up into above 80,000, it's usually considered already for me, at least

[14:34] considered heavy volume for the bar. And you know, each of these bars, you know, it's taking quite a while for these to form. You know, this bar took over an hour to form. This bar took almost an hour. This next bar took almost an hour. So, it's, you know, it's easy to look back at the chart say, "Oh, yeah, we just we moved like this." But, you know, when it's when you're sitting in a bar, not a alcoholic bar, but a price, you know, a range bar, so to speak, and

[14:58] it's going nowhere for a long period of time, you know, you're you sort of in an area, I don't want to use I don't want to say consolidation or absorption, but you're in an area where where people are happy to trade back and forth. And, you know, again, a new high failed divergence. I say failed. didn't fail till the night session open and we sold off instead of and didn't get much of a we did get a bounce but um again you know we did have that uh the news

[15:25] for Manchester come out but on the four range chart again you know today was was a bit better day for the four range chart than the than the 10 range and it's it's easy to look back after the fact but you know as as a trader you should pick up you know compare what's happening in the morning when you come in to sit down in front of your charts. What chart should I be looking at? Should I be looking at a four range? And to be honest, if if you're coming in in

[15:50] the morning at, you know, 7:00 and your range is, you know, 85 12 down to 78 and a quarter, you know, you're in a very tight range. So, you know, you should really be considering, you know, looking at the four range chart. If things don't really pick up, you know, if the market really starts to move fast, then you could go to the 10 range chart. But, you know, if a market's in a tight range, and for me, you know, five, seven points is is considered a a

[16:18] limited range in the S&Ps when you're coming in by 8 in the morning, that, you know, it's going to be worth your while to to look at a four range. So, okay, you know, here you have the the low of the day, okay, S&Ps 78 and a quarter. Now, this happened at, you know, 4, you know, 440, just before 5:00. And you know people say do you look at the night session? Yeah, you have to look at the night session because you know lots of times that's where the

[16:47] highs or lows are made. And in this case on this day the lows were made here. You have the divergence. You have the ratio and you you rallied you know literally from your low you didn't you didn't come back down here um you know at all. Look at that. This is that's the low there. So, you know, if if you're not respecting these highs or lows for the day, um you really missing out. Or if you don't u you know, go back and you know, I said, you know,

[17:16] for some people, I don't know why, you know, they don't want to consider what happened in the night session, but you know, the 30% of the volume on CME happens between, you know, the reopen and 7 a.m. So, you know, that's a decent amount of volume that's traded. But anyway, you know, you still got a lot of bullish signals down here. You got the ratio with the divergence. You got the delta scupper even giving you a buy there. And then you start working up, you know, coming into the cash open

[17:43] here, making new highs right on the cash open. Where am I here? So, failed divergence one at 832, another one 841, another one 850. So if by now again you I've talked about this, you know, failed divergences either, you know, on the way up is a sign market can go higher. Failed divergences on the way down. When they're grouped together, I'm not saying, you know, one happens at 6:00 in the morning, another one at 8:00 in the morning, another one at 12. No. Well, when they're grouped together, you know,

[18:16] this market's starting to move 8:32, 8:41, 8:50. You know, every few minutes, say, you know, every 5, 10 minutes, you're making a new high and you hit it, you come off again. And you know that's a sign that we can go higher here. Then you know 9007 we hit that high. You come off. You got three in a row here. 1 2 3. You don't get the green bar in this one. But you get the pullback between these two point of controls which is what you

[18:41] like. You know where's your stop going to be? I normally get people asking where's your stop on the three in a row. Well look at this point of control here. Worst case scenario is you know above the the first bar. You you just you come back up. You don't get stopped out. You just go sideways, get a stack stone in a balance, you come off and you know again, you know, if you're getting short in here, you know, this is around the 88 and a half

[19:08] area, you know, 89. I mean, you do trade down to 86 and a half. I mean, it depends on on how you want to hold it. It goes goes down to 5 and a half, then just sort of bounces around. Now, you get three in a row again. Then you get the red bar, you know, that's the Well, this is the delta scalper given a cell. Didn't work out. We stopped out. Get another delta scalper here. A sell. It didn't work out. Yeah, you got the price rejector as

[19:35] well. Now, again, you got the three in a row. Get the pullback. You don't get the pullback between the two points of control that you like. Um, but then you get the green bar up up up, make new highs. You got a ratio with a divergence. It didn't work out. It came right back with bullish divergence, bullish divergence. And then this is important. You got a stacked imbalance on a retest of a high. And that's important. We rally, make new highs. You get a ratio with a

[20:04] divergence. You sell off, come back up. You know, again, you're sort of testing these highs. You got um point of control at the top of this bar, point of control at the top of this bar. So, you know, up here at at least for now at 90 um 92 and 3/4, there's some volume. Even you see it here. You test through it, you get through it again, you come off a little bit and you know at some point, you know, you keep hitting that high, this

[20:27] this area. This is not the high of the day. It's just below the high. So, you know, there's some volume and you know, if the market can get through that, we can go higher and we do. We got a new high here, come off a little bit going into the close. So, there were some moves, you know, there weren't the biggest moves to be had. you know, day traders, you know, new traders, they all sort of come into these things, you know, I say come into

[20:51] these things, come into trading thinking, you know, every day they're going to get 10 point trades and you just don't. I mean, some days, you know, you're you're happy to squeeze a couple drops out of the lemon for your lemonade and you know, I mean, I get these emails from people that run trading rooms. Oh, we had 20 points today. Oh, we had 10 points, you know, and I look at the range and I see, you know, there was there was a 12-point range on the

[21:21] day and they're they're claiming they got, you know, 10 points. But, you know, that's why I think, you know, traders, new traders at least, you know, just come into this market thinking that every day is going to be big big movement days where they're going to get um, you know, 10 points every single day. You know, sometimes you're not. you know, sometimes you'll get two points on a trade, you know, a point here, a point and a half there. But, you know, ideally, you'd like to add it up. Now,

[21:45] it's not to say that those people, you know, they're claiming to get uh, you know, 10 points out of a 12point day. Didn't do that. But, you know, I consistently see these emails saying, you know, every single day, you know, telling me how many points they got. You I'm a little skeptical of it, but that's just me. You know, I'm kind of a dick in that sense, but I'm a skeptical person. But um you know like I said that that's myself. Um the Euro currency. Okay. So this is where we are

[22:12] right now in the in the evening session. I mean we did rally a little bit off of I say off of the news but not by much. But you know from yesterday in the currencies you know basically from 10 we went sideways. You can see here you do have a delta sculper right there. But for the most part since 10 pretty tight range you know 10point range. But if you you go back, you know, again, this was interesting. You know, the high of the day, okay? Well, your first high

[22:39] of the day, you had the ratio with the divergence and you didn't sell off. You sold off two ticks and then you rallied right back and stopped you off. Then you got up to this new high divergence, but then you got the delta scalper. So again, it's it's signaling you in the delta that something's a foot, you know, that the market, you know, can be changing. And then you see lower point of control. These for me all intents and purposes equal. These two are equal and we sell

[23:09] off. Okay. But again, you know, really up here looking for a sign to be getting short. I mean, you had a sign earlier. It didn't work out. you know, maybe you know, you had price rejector and honestly I would say, you know, the prices were rejected there, but you know, sometimes the market is still looking for its high and you get it, you know, a couple bars later up here and you get the sign up there. Now, again, yeah, here you had a delta scalper cell, but it's on a green bar.

[23:37] So, again, I'm not not interested in taking it, you know, I just want to show you guys that so you don't think I'm trying to cover it up. Okay. Sorry, I just had a cough right there. Um, okay. So, next one, last one I'll talk about. Well, beans, I don't think anything happened in the beans that much today. Um, not really. I'll talk about I'll talk about crude next. Actually, crude is the one I want to talk about, but beans, I I remember not much going on

[24:09] today. So, where are we? Let me reopen here. 8:30 you rallied up to the highs. You hit the high, you don't have a divergence. You have a ratio bounds um racial bounds low there indicating stopping ball. I mean, you can see 700 contracts traded there. It's much more than the first time you traded 777. You don't really ever come back up there. Excuse me. You hit I'll say the swing high here, but here you got the delta scalper giving a sell and you did sell off a few a few cents.

[24:44] Excuse me. Um going into this close here at 950 or close here at 958, but I was really looking at the close to be happening somewhere around in here. We did get this last bump up um in the last uh few moments of trade, but crude oil really quick. Excuse me. Just when I think I'm getting past this cold, it keeps coming back. Thought I got past it and then my kids started getting it and they passed it back to me. I got it from them then they gave it

[25:13] back. But um anyway, so crude oil. Okay, let's go here from around 6 in the morning. Delta scalper give a sell here. Okay, delta surge giving you this buy here. Open this up so you can see how it looks. Um get up here to this high. Nothing in the order flow really. Here you have a divergence. Okay, again I'm not convinced just because you got a divergence, but here you got the transition. That's this yellow one. And you got the uh delta scalper also giving a sell and you sell off. Boom. And it

[25:43] gets quite aggressive here. Um you know so you're selling you basically getting short. You go sideways for the next couple bars. 5130 5132 you trade all the way down. New lows 87. So you know from 30 down into the 90s you know you could have had that trade quick 40 cents. You get a ratio with the divergence on the low. You know, again, that's the signature bread and butter trade that I look for. Next bar, if you're getting long, you know, the 94, 95, 96 area, it trades all the

[26:15] way up into teens before it starts coming back down again. But again, you know, the first sign, okay, people ask, well, you know, how do I trail my stop is watch the points of controls. Once you start stop having higher points of controls, it's usually a sign that the market could start turning on you. So you got point of control here when the bar you're getting long next bar is higher than this bar. Next bar is higher. All a sudden you get up here and it's changing

[26:40] right all below and you got a red bar. That's not a good sign. Okay. So you know if you're longing here at 97 95 96 97 you get up here this is a bearish sign. You should be thinking about cutting it out once you get down here to you know 06 07. There's no crime for cutting it short you know. I mean what would you rather do? get out here with a small profit at, you know, 02 or 0405 rather than coming back down to where you got into the trade and then

[27:08] take, you know, get out at nothing. You know, people say, well, you know, I mean, it can go up. It could bounce and go back up. But if you're starting to see negative signs in the order flow, negative signs against your trade, then, you know, you get out. Um, here's the delta surge giving us right into the low, which I'm not a big fan of taking those types of trades. um get up here to the swing high. You do have a ratio of bonds low. You go from

[27:36] ratio bonds low to a ratio bonds low. Um you do rally up here. Um get down and here you got the price uh delta scalper giving a sell here and you just sort of go sideways for the next and this is what time 11:15. um you go sideways, you know, again, you know, by if you're looking at this trade and you're in it here at and it's an hour later and it's still basically done nothing, you know, that's your sign to get out. You know, don't stay in a trade that's going

[28:08] nowhere. Okay? And you just sort of go nowhere. And right now in the night session 9:15, this is where we're trading. Okay? So, thanks for watching this video. To learn more about trading software used in this presentation and how you can profit from orderflow trading, visit my website orderflows.com. And you know, I put a link in below about the orderflows inner circle where you get the indicators such as the price rejector, the delta scalper, the transition, the U-turn, and and a few others um as part of the inner

[28:40] circle. So, you know, if you're interested in in seeing a lot of these indicators on your own screen, um you know, click on that link and you know, learn more about it. So, thanks everyone. Bye-bye.
