---
video_number: 53
inferred_title: "Orderflows Market Analysis June 7 2017 ZB ZF NQ 6E Day Trading Futres"
inferred_date: "2017-06-08"
video_id: "xOBU_0EAjGA"
source_vtt: "20170608 - Orderflows Market Analysis June 7 2017 ZB ZF NQ 6E Day Trading Futres [xOBU_0EAjGA].en.vtt"
word_count: 3579
segment_count: 486
---

# Orderflows Market Analysis June 7 2017 ZB ZF NQ 6E Day Trading Futres
*Date:* 2017-06-08  |  *Video ID:* xOBU_0EAjGA  |  *Words:* 3579
*Source VTT:* `20170608 - Orderflows Market Analysis June 7 2017 ZB ZF NQ 6E Day Trading Futres [xOBU_0EAjGA].en.vtt`

---

[00:00] Hey everyone, it's Michael Altos from Orderflows and this is the market recap for Wednesday, June 7, 2017. Again, I apologize the room wasn't up today. There was some uh issues with the web host for the room and hope to have it resolved by Thursday um to have the room up and running. Now, um today's Wednesday, tomorrow is Thursday and you've got a lot of stuff in the UK. You got the general election. Obviously in the US you've got the um James Comey testimony and you know the markets were

[00:29] were kind of quiet actually in the morning in the US time um that you know there just a lot of stuff on the table to digest on Thursday. So, you know, we'll see what happens with Thursday, but you know, there was still some decent trading opportunities in the markets and you just because, you know, you have, you know, you're coming into a period, you know, you know, the market's going to be volat, you know, it's going to be quiet before it gets volatile, right? You know, it can be volatile with

[00:54] the general election. I don't say it's going to be volatile because of the Comey testimony. But, you know, it's something that, you know, really must see TV. you know, people really want to know what what he's got to say. Even though um you know, he's already released his statement, but you know, the way you you turn on the news channels, they all got the countdown to James Comey testimony. You know, they're really making a meal out of it. But um you know, more people I think are

[01:16] interested in the NBA finals and the Comey testimony. But by watching the news, you'll think it's uh the biggest thing since the moon landing. Now, before I get started, brief disclaimer. This presentation is for educational andformational purposes only. should not be considered a solicitation to buy or sell a futures contract or make any other type of investment decision. Futures trading contain statual risk and is not for every investor. An investor could potentially lose all or more than the initial investment. Risk capital is money that can be lost without

[01:40] jeopardizing one's financial security or lifestyle. Only risk capital should be used for trading. Only those with sufficient risk capital should consider trading. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. I go through that disclaimer again, you know, I want to discourage people that think that um Orderflow is the missing, you know, is the the magic lamp that you just rub and and the genie appears and grants you your wishes or or something that turns your um computer into an ATM machine. No, it takes work. You know,

[02:08] you got to put in some time and effort to understand what's happening in the market before you can make good trading decisions. It's not a red light, green light system. The tools I use in this presentation are the order flows trader which is the footprint uh volume footprint chart and the delta scalper indicator which is an additional indicator that uh we created for use with orderflow. So I'm not going to talk about too many different markets today but you know the first market I want to

[02:32] talk about was uh bonds. Um you know bonds gave some really nice signals this morning here and this is uh 807. You got a high ratio with a divergence. Boom. I tell you ratio with divergence on a high or a low, trade it. What do it trades from your high down to your low? It wasn't the biggest move. We had a very tight range, but then what happens on your low? You get another divergence, another ratio, and then you rally up. Um, then you come in here, you come up

[02:57] towards the opening price, got some trap sellers in there. You can see here this dogee bar, you can see some very heavy volume going through around this level up here. Even in here, you're seeing some more heavy volume. And you sell off again back down into the lows, make new lows. You got a stack selling imbalance here. You go lower on this low. You have a divergence. Now you have here a three imbalances. They're not stacked in the purest sense the way you have three stacked here and one on top of each

[03:23] other. You got two stacked together and then you know your regular orderflow number black number. Then 824. So it's a multiple imbalance bar. Um you know it's it's still important, right? Even though it's not stacked and visually it looks prettier in the sense that you have a stacked imbalance, you still have you know four range bar with five price levels and you know three of them are imbalances. To me that's very important. The market does rally up off that a bit here. Whoops, here we go. Um so you know

[03:51] we go up from you know the 19 level all the way up to the 25 26 level. the, you know, sticking with the um sticking with the interest rates. We'll talk about 5 years really quick since we're there. And again, it was kind of similar to the bonds this morning in the sense that well, very early around midnight last night. Again, I'm not a big advocate of saying trading 5 years or especially 5 years in the middle of the night because it can move very slowly and you know, but in the middle

[04:20] of the night, midnight time somewhere around there, you had a ratio bounds low. You had a divergence and you rally up. You got a nice rally there in the 5 years. Um but then later again, you know, we test that low. The first time we traded, we traded some heavy volume. 705 288. Got down here, you've got a ratio, you got a divergence, you got delta scalper, you got price rejector, you got literally everything in the kitchen sink coming in there telling you to buy this low. And then

[04:44] you you rally up from, you know, the 14 area up to the 16 area. Um then you start selling off. you got ratio ratio, you know, down into these new lows down here, you know, where you got the delta scalper again giving you another buy as as you start your rally back up again. Um, going into uh the 1:00 time. Um, what else? Give me a sec here. It's fine. Okay, this is Euro currency really quick. Now, we have our low here at 537 right after you got the Delta Scalper

[05:17] giving a buy. do rally up a little bit. You hit a ratio right up here. You got a single print. You trade right back down into the lows. Go sideways. Delta scalper giving you a sell here. Now, it's a sell. It's a red bar. I like it, but when I'm trading around lows, I'm looking for reasons to be buying near the lows rather than sell it that we could possibly make new lows. Um, I just think it has more of a capacity for the market to rally off a low than selling

[05:41] to new lows and keep going lower. I mean, that's just me. Um, you know, people can say, "Oh, you're stupid. You know what you're talking about?" But I've been around the markets long enough to know that, hey, if I get a signal um to buy off this low, I got a higher chance of profits that the market's going to bounce up rather than sell into new lows. Cuz yeah, you can make new lows. Like here, yeah, you made new lows. Great. You made new lows by two

[06:01] ticks. Did you make new low? Yes, you did. You made new low two ticks. Big [ __ ] deal. Then the market turns around and starts rallying on you. So again, you know, I'd rather take this sell signal up here than this sell signal down here. Even though this one again doesn't do much before it rallies back up, but I'm going to at least have more capacity for a move from here down to this low rather than from here down into this low. And hey, yeah, you made

[06:22] new lows. I was right. Yeah, you made new lows by two ticks. Who who cares about that? You know, I said I'd rather sell this going, you know, way up here into the low. It's going to give you a lot more, you know, than than this. But anyway, um, you know, that's me here. You got a Delta Scalper. This one didn't work out. Um, you don't have a ratio up here. This is delta surge. This one's sideways on you. You have a dogee bar with the

[06:50] delta sculper giving you a buy. Again, it's a dogey bar. I don't really like to trade those per se in the sense that, you know, I find them kind of neutral in the whole order flow analysis. Um, so I'm not really keen on taking any sort of signals based off of that. Um, then we start rallying. You get up here. Now, this is interesting. Okay. So, you have this um delta scalper giving you a sell here. Does it go lower? Yeah. Then you get this hammer um you know, the long wick,

[07:18] small body, delta surge giving you a sell actually. But it's a green bar, so I'm not looking to sell it. But you know, I like that you have this imbalance in here. I like when you get these hammers with the imbalance in the wick selling imbalance and it turns around, goes back up. You know, it's usually a nice little trade. You're able to get a little something out of it. In the meantime, it does come back down on you, though. But again, you know, here you got the the hammer again. It's

[07:44] not really a hammer because it's, you know, it's already on your way back up. But still, I like these types of bars with the imbalances in there. Um, and anyway, so we go start rallying back up. It's only 9 in the morning at this time, 9:44. You make these new highs. Delta Scalper giving you a sell. it does retrace back up kind of close, you know, does get past this high of this bar before it makes that move lower that you're looking for. Um, then we come down here. Where are we

[08:14] here? Um, you know, off that high, you get the Delta Scoper given a buy. Doesn't work out. That one stops you out. Delta Scalper again giving you another buy. So, again, you know, this is the thing, right? um with with trading is you get this signal, you buy and it's a loser. Okay, then you know it's easy to get discouraged and say, "Ah, you know, I'm going to wait. I don't want to take the next trade. I want to see wait for it to write itself, so to speak." And

[08:41] then you miss the next trade, right? And this is the trade that you want. you know, it's it was when I when I was on the floor learning the ARB the hand signals, you know, it was it was guy, you know, we were just practicing um you know, after the floor closed and you know, I was standing there reading the hand signals from the the guy, you know, on the phone and I was relating to the to the broker in the pit. You know, this is all play, right? Because this is

[09:05] practice. And this is how I, you know, I learned this lesson is, you know, I read a buy as a sell and I related to the guy and you know I said buy 100. He's supposed to sell 100 and he realized that you know I made a mistake cuz you know I sort of stopped communicating with him for a second and what's wrong? I said oh you were supposed to um sell. I told you to buy. Says okay I made a mistake. Move on. You know like you have a loss you move on.

[09:33] you cover it and you move on. Because if you give up, you know, and beat yourself up like, "Oh, I had a loss." Or, "Oh, I I made a mistake." And then you say you're beating yourself up, you're going to miss the next opportunity, right? I mean, yeah, I understand, you know, when your own money's on the line that you screw up, you know, you you take it to heart and it does affect you. But sometimes you sort of got to distance yourself a little bit from the money in

[09:57] the sense that, yeah, you had a loss, but you got to realize, you know, having bad trades is part of trading. Not every trade is going to be a winner. And you know the point that I'm trying to make in that example is don't beat yourself up because you had a bad trade or you made a mistake or you know you misread it. So yeah. Yeah. Okay. You took this trade and it lost. Don't sit there a trading is terrible blah blah blah and then then ignore the next trade that

[10:22] comes along because you know yeah you had a loss here. Okay deal with it and and put it behind you. Move on and you know look for the next one. And here it is, you know, and you get a nice move up that that takes care of that loss and and puts more in your pocket. Um, you know, it's someone Bob Bob Ayino people if you guys he's on CNBC, but we used to work together at Comr Bank and and he would tell me like when he has a bad trade or as a losing

[10:52] trade, he's like, I'm fine with that because that just means my higher probability of the next trade being a winner. You know, I understood what he was trying to say. I mean, it's it's a little bit different like saying like going to casino and betting, you know, playing roulette, betting on black, you know, red comes up 10 times in a row, say, "Well, black has an equal chance of coming up, you know, black's got to come up, you know, or something." No, it's not like that. You know, you still have

[11:15] an equal chance, you know, the next trade being a winner, but if if you're going to knock yourself out, beat yourself up, so to speak, because you had this loser, then you're going to miss the next one. you know, it's it's you're going to miss out on a lot of trades, you know, and and I know people that do that. I know traders, they stumble with this, you know, they I just had a loss. Okay, I'm going to wait for some winners to come back in. No, don't.

[11:38] You got to be taking the next trade. You know, I I I know a lot of people say, "You got three losers in a row, stop trading." You know what what you should be doing? You have three losers in a row, cut your size down to one lot. You know, assuming you're trading more than one lot. If you're trading one lot, you can't I guess you got to stop trading. But if you're trading, you know, five lots, go down to one lot. Okay? What you want to do is get yourself on side with

[11:59] winning trades again. Um, but again, if if you're going to take yourself out of the market, what's going to feel worse? Having this losing trade, stop trading, wait for, and then you miss this trade, you don't take this trade, then it's a winner. You're going to feel doubly worse, twice as worse because here you just you took the trade that was a loser, then the winner you passed on, and then it's a winner. So, you lost, right? It's like that movie Let It Ride, right? the guy's every bet he makes is a

[12:23] winner. And then the one time he doesn't he's not able to make a bet for you know mitigating circumstances the the bet that he would have won the horse that he was going to bet on lost and he's like I didn't lose. So that's like winning right? So if you know if you're not taking the winning trade it's not winning you know because you missed it. You you took this dollar loss but then you didn't take the next trade you know it's got it's a paper you know assuming

[12:51] you're just watching it. Yeah. I made money on the paper, but I didn't make money in your account. So, I guess what I'm trying to say is you have a loser, don't give up right away. You know, still stick with it, right? As long as you believe in what you're doing is right, you know, the winners will come. They're not going to all come at once, and not every single trade is going to be a winner. But imagine, you know, you're buying it here at 112

[13:10] uh 38. This area in here, you know, it's just it's pretty much, you know, straight up 38 all the way up to, you know, the 70s before it starts going sideways. Okay. So, you know, the the point is, you know, don't beat yourself up over over a losing trade. You know, stick around. You know, keep your wits about you and, you know, look for the next trading opportunity. Okay. So, the last market I want to talk about really quick is NASDAQ. And again, you know, I talk a lot about trade

[13:40] setups and, you know, what you should look for. Again, if there's only one setup you could take, take a divergence with a ratio period. That's it. Okay? And here if you took it, you're in your high in the NASDAQ 58.882. You're getting short somewhere around 5880 58.881 and boom, you have a nice, you know, it just sells sells off very nicely. Again, where you going to cover it? I don't know. You know, maybe cover it at 70, works its way back up, doesn't hit a low, but it was a swing

[14:09] low and then you're just getting some, you know, some signals. Delta scalper here doesn't work out. I'm just looking for any other signal here. It was is all over the place, but imagine, you know, if you're able to sell it. Okay, so Oops. So, I showed you that one delta scalper that didn't work out. Then it comes back down here, swing low right off your low of the not swing low, low of the day, divergence ratio right after it. So, either the divergence with the ratio in the bar or

[14:39] the divergence with the ratio after it. And here you also have the uh delta scalper giving a buy signal as well. Delta surge a bar later. And what does it do? You get a nice little pop up here. Does trace back down. But again, it's nowhere. You know, even here, it's not even against you. It's still in your favor, right? So to be getting out here, it really makes no sense. So, you know, imagine you're buying it somewhere around, you know, 60 and a half, 61,

[15:07] you know, and what's it do? So you you had a sell signal right off your high of the day. You got a buy signal right off your low of the day, you know, at that time, you know. So it trades all the way back up, you know, from 61 back up into the mid70s. Okay, you got Delta surge giving a sell there, you know. It's still it's still in the money here. It's still all this time, you know, it's it's in the money at some point, you know,

[15:30] honestly here, if if I see the market just going like this, it's time to get out. So, you know, 61 all the way up to into the mid low7s. So, you know, that was it. So, I don't want to go on too much. I'm still getting caught up on everything. Hopefully, the trading room will be back up on Thursday. Um, it's going to be an interesting day with the markets, I think. And it'll probably be quiet, though. I mean, quiet in the US with this Comey testimony. You I I think

[15:57] it's just more people interested in seeing what he's got to say and how they can spin it. I don't think it's going to really affect the markets that much. And um but really the UK election I think is is also going to be uh very important as well. So thanks for watching this presentation. To learn more visit my website orderflows.com. And I'm still getting caught up on emails guys. Um Fred I I did see you I will reply to you so not to worry. So thanks everyone and see you later.

[16:25] Bye-bye.
