---
video_number: 63
inferred_title: "Orderflows Market Analysis June 22 2017 Emini Futures Bond Futures FX Eurocurrency Trading With Orde"
inferred_date: "2017-06-23"
video_id: "rnuqGolrHlE"
source_vtt: "20170623 - Orderflows Market Analysis June 22 2017 Emini Futures Bond Futures FX Eurocurrency Trading With Orde [rnuqGolrHlE].en.vtt"
word_count: 5303
segment_count: 745
---

# Orderflows Market Analysis June 22 2017 Emini Futures Bond Futures FX Eurocurrency Trading With Orde
*Date:* 2017-06-23  |  *Video ID:* rnuqGolrHlE  |  *Words:* 5303
*Source VTT:* `20170623 - Orderflows Market Analysis June 22 2017 Emini Futures Bond Futures FX Eurocurrency Trading With Orde [rnuqGolrHlE].en.vtt`

---

[00:00] Okay. Hey everyone, it's Michael Baltos from Orderflows and this is the Orderflows market analysis for Thursday, June 22nd, 2017. The market was pretty uneventful today. Jobless claims came out and it did edge higher but not by very much and it remains consistent with the very strong demand for labor. The like I said the markets were in a very narrow range. S&Ps were pretty much unchanged. Oil which has been on the back foot recently actually posted a slight gain near $42.75 and dollar index and currencies were you know pretty much unchanged as

[00:39] well. So um you know that said you know let's take a look at the market but before I do go through the disclaimer this presentation is for educationalformational purposes only should not be considered a solicitation to buy or sell a futures contract or make any other type of investment decision. Futures train contains substantial risk and is not for every investor. An investor could potentially lose all or more than the initial investment. Risk capital's money that could be lost without jeopardizing one's financial security or lifestyle. Only risk capital should be used for

[01:06] trading and only those with sufficient risk capital should consider trading. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Don't uh trade with scared money and don't trade with money you need to pay the bills. The tools I use in this presentation are the order flows trader and the delta sculper which is a neat little uh tool we developed to help analyze the delta and help you make better trading decisions. Later I'm going to do another presentation on delta in in uh response to a question I

[01:36] got about delta. So uh look for that in a you know either later today or tomorrow. I hope to get it done today. So, like I said, you know, market's pretty uneventful today. The nice trade, nice trading opportunities. Um, during the trading room, we're actually was actually in the five years. Um, and you I don't want to call it the trading room. It's more of my education center for uh users of my software, right? you get my software, you get access to my trading what quote unquote

[02:08] trading room, but I I don't like the term trading room because, you know, that implies that you're there. You're just there to get uh listen to me say buy here or sell there. No, I I talk about what's going on in the order flow. So, I I don't want to mislead people thinking that it's a place you can come in and just sit back and follow my trades. No, I I just I talk about what I'm seeing in the order flow so you can follow along and pick it up as well.

[02:31] So, in the room this morning, um 9:00 you had the high in the five years. You got your ratio with your divergence. Again, I talk about this every single day. And you know, if by now you haven't applied it to your trading, why not? I mean, uh again, you know, I just show you these setups. Boom. Sells off from his high right down to the low. Um you do have the Delta Scalper giving a buy here, but again, it's on a red bar. You don't want to be taking it on a red

[02:56] bar. You know what you want is price action in the bar to confirm that you know the market is indeed moving up. Next bar comes in, hits the low, then it starts its move back up, but again is mostly sideways for most of the day. Your point of control for the day is, you know, right smack dab in the middle of your profile. Now, you know, earlier in the session at 5 in the morning, you had a ratio bounds low as well. You went from your high right down

[03:23] to your low, though very tight range. Your move only consisted of three bars on a four range chart. Started, you had a ratio down here. No divergence, but you did start rallying back up again. Delta scalper giving a buy. You rally right back up into that high where you get that beautiful sweet sell right there on the top and you sell off from your high down to your low. The bonds, you know, the bonds didn't really offer any decent opportunities today. It was I don't say a bit messy but you know

[03:52] just not as neat and tidy as as the five years were. So you know this is the bonds this morning. Um you know just even going back you know back here to this low at 720 in the morning. You rallied up off of that. You know it's not it's a ratio. There's no divergence. And you know you rallied up to your high. You started coming off Delta Scalper giving a sell there right off the high. You sold off down into the lows. You got a divergence, but no ratio. Um, you did

[04:20] make a new low later. You got the negative delta, so you don't have a divergence. You do have a ratio, though, and you rally back up. Um, yeah, I'd prefer it with ratios, you know, and divergences. You don't have it here on on the on the bonds. Now, the buns, uh, sticking with interest rates. Uh, let me find my chart here. The buns, where are you? Okay. So here now again you know being a consistently good trader I don't want to say being consistently profitable or

[04:52] anything like that but you know but being consistent in your trading means that you have to take the trades when they present themselves you know so here early in the morning 2:00 in the morning right buns open at 1:00 a.m. Chicago time the cash market in the buns is is an hour later 2:00 and boom right after the open you get a ratio with divergence sell okay what happens the market rallies rallies back up to the high you get another uh ratio no divergence market still is not selling off and in

[05:22] fact rallies makes new highs now there's something in this bar that's actually bullish here but um I'm what do I'm keying in on is is this failed divergence with ratio and again you know some people will will see this and take the loss and say, "Ah, you know, ratios and divergences suck. Yeah, I just had a loss." I mean, people are like that, you know, they don't understand that trading is is is a marathon. It's not a sprint, right? You have to be in it over the

[05:49] long term. You know, your trading career does not revolve around one trade and you you rally back up here. Boom. Then you got another ratio with divergence. Okay? You have a second chance to get in. You know, you got a lot of selling imbalances in here. 1 2 3. Next bar, you know, even though it's green, you still got a nice selling imbalance. You rally back up to the high just like you did here. You had your short rally back up and hit that high. And probably you're thinking, "Fuck,

[06:16] man. Why do I listen to this guy? He's telling me ratios with divergences are great trades." And here we're right back up at our high now. It's it's against me. Well, you know, again, you know, be patient. You know, have faith in what you're doing. Next bar down, next bar a little bit lower, next bar rallies back up within a tick of the high. And you're thinking, "Fuck, man. Am I am I ever going to get anything?" You know, but it's not stopping you out. It's still,

[06:42] you know, below your stop. Your stop is just right above this high. You know, if if you breach this high, there's no reason to be short, right? So, you know, it's not like you're placing your stop five points above this high. No, it's very tight. It's a four range bar, so you got a five tick stop. And then now, you know, a little bit later, this is when the move starts. So again, you know, you're getting short somewhere around 12. Next thing you know, you know, not next thing you know,

[07:06] but a little bit later, you're trading 04. Boom. 02. You know, rally back up to 10, come back up, and just sort of hang it around, make a move back down to 04. But really, you know, you should be getting this move down to at least 5 or 6. I'm not saying that you'd hold it all the way here until 4 in the morning when it gets below double O, but it does come down and, you know, and just sort of hang around off the low here again. You know,

[07:34] you're not going to get short at 220 and still be in this position at 4:00 in the, you know, 2 hours later. So again, you know, that that's, you know, that's the thing is, you know, stick with stick with it, right? I mean, one of the reasons why traders, beginning traders, new traders, so to speak, fail is because they don't have faith in what they're doing. They learn something, they think it's great. You know, they test it out and say, "Hey, this is the way to go and I'm going to

[08:00] do this." And they try it for a week, maybe they don't take all the signals, you know, they take some of them, and they they try to overanalyze and take don't take some, and those are the trades that are winners, and they give it up. You know, they think, "Ah, you know, this is not the way to trade." And next thing you know, a week later, they're on to something else. you know, you got to stick with it, right? You got to stick with your analysis. If you

[08:20] trust what you're doing, you know, the I don't say the money will come, but the good trades will come as long as you have faith in what you're doing and you know what you're doing makes sense. I mean, you kind you can have faith in what you're doing, but you know, if if it you know, if it doesn't work, it doesn't work. Okay, so now we'll move on to the Euro currencies. Um, let's start talking a bit about the different currencies. So here we got the uh Euro currency this

[08:46] morning. Now this was interesting. We rallied up at around you know just around 5:00 in the morning. You have the swing high here and you know you got this move up from uh 14 all the way up to 26 red bar positive delta though. But next bar delta sculper kicks off. You have a selling imbalance in this bar. This is around, you know, the 20 level 11220 and we sell off. Um, you know, not a big move. Um, you know, we sell off down to around 12. Actually get a little bit

[09:19] lower here down below 10. Um, then we start working our way back up delta scalper again in this bar. And, you know, this this level is is very close to this this previous level here. Slightly higher, but you're seeing, you know, here you had your swing high. Selling came in right off this high. Now, you rally back up to that level. you got selling coming back in, you know, with the Delta Scalper alerting you that selling is is back in again at at that same level. And what happens is

[09:45] you sell back off down to down to the level that you sold off before. I mean, uh, to me that that was a pretty clear one. You know, was that was a bit early in the morning, but again, you know, that was, you know, when you think, right, it's it's a level, okay, you get up here, people are interested in selling it. You rally back up here, you see a sign that people are interested in selling it again. I mean, what what more do you need? Um, as far as, you know, do

[10:09] you need to be hit over the head with a baseball bat to understand that, but again, you know, maybe some people aren't interested in it. Um, a little bit later, you get uh 928, you get a delta scalper giving you a buy here. Next bar is up, next bar is down. You got side by side point of controls, and the bar in the second uh sideby-side point of control is red, you know. So then the next bar is is down as well, lower point of control. So at this

[10:37] point, um I'm not really looking for a move higher with this delta scalper because those signs are telling me that this move is kind of stalled out and maybe it's going to be heading back down again. And you know, just sort of goes sideways. Eventually it does sell off, but again, you know, the sign that this trade was not going to work out is right here. These point of controls not going any higher. In fact, they're just going lower here. You got a new higher point

[11:00] of control. This one is higher than this bar, but then this one's equal. And then this one's lower. So, you know, that that's a sign that this trade is not working out. Then again, you make new lows, come down into the new lows. Um, divergence here that fails, got a new low here. Um, you have a delta scalper buy here, but it's a red candle. I'm not interested in it. Delta scalper buy here is a green candle. Now, I'm interested in it. Right? Why am I not interested in on a

[11:26] red candle? Well, it's a red freaking candle. Why would I be looking to get long when the market's selling off? Again, Delta Scalper reads the delta. doesn't um factor in price, right? It just reads the delta and it's up to you as a trader to make the decision. Do I take this trade now or not? You know, if you don't take it now because it has a it's a red candle. Price action is telling you the market's still moving lower. Well, wait for the ideal conditions. Ideal conditions is on a on

[11:50] a green bar on market that's moving up and you get it here. So, you know, even if you missed it here, it's giving you another entry right here. And this time, you know, the market pops up over the next few bars. um does come down, makes new lows. This is around what time is this? Just before 1:00. Here you got a divergence, no ratio. Well, earlier you had a ratio, sorry, a divergence with no ratio. But here again, you got a divergence with no ratio. Then you get

[12:14] it in the next bar. Again, I say you got a divergence. Look for a ratio to confirm it either in the bar that the divergence is in or the next bar. And you got it in the next bar and the market pops up here quite nicely. Okay, the other next market I'll talk about is which one it was? Yen, I think it was I want to talk about. Okay. So, yeah, I'll just go back to the high here. Oh, where was the high? High was here. Well, high was an Asian session.

[12:56] Um, let's take it from the European session high. Well, it's not really the high. It came within a couple of ticks of the high, sold off. Sort of just grinding itself lower, then makes a move around 5 6:00. Gets down towards the low again. You know, you've got a you got the market coming down here. Boom, boom, boom. Deltas are getting I'll say small, but you know, they're they're not big. You got a stacked imbalance here. Again, you stacked imbalance sort of coming into the low. I'd rather not take

[13:26] it. Well, the low is here at 7 and a half. You can't see it's this red line, but um this yellow line is the opening price sort of coming down here. So, I know there's selling going on. You know, obviously, you know, I'm not surprised to see a selling imbalance near a low. I'd be more surprised to see a selling balance near the high. Then, what do you get as you start coming into this low? Signs of buying. You know, that's what I'm looking for. Signs of buying. I'm

[13:48] not looking for signs of selling as the market's selling off. I already know the market is selling off. Instead, what I'm looking for is, you know, a pulse in the market, you know, that's got a heartbeat that maybe there's buying coming in. And you get it here with the Delta Scalper, and it pops up over the next few bars. It goes from um, you know, 18 all the way up to 26 before dropping back down around that area where you had this the similar low. Again, single print here,

[14:11] single print there, two lots here, one lot here, uh, one or two ticks above. And then again, you see the buying coming in with the stacked imbalance. Again, you know, would you rather be taking selling a balance near the low or buying a balance near to the low? You know, we already know the market is selling off here. Okay, I don't want to be, oh, oh, there's a stack selling imbalance, you get short. You I'd rather have that sign, you know, much higher, you know, way up here rather than have a

[14:39] move from your high down to your low and then you get a stack selling imbalance and you get all excited because you got a stack selling imbalance. Well, you already know the market's selling off. The market has sold off already. Is the move can the move continue? Of course it can. Can the move stop? Yes, it can. Also, so you know where would you ask yourself where would you rather be getting short at a higher level or after a move just happened and hey I got

[15:03] stacked imbalance get short? I'd rather not take that. I much be more interested in this especially coming after this bar here with a single print with a ratio indicating price rejection and you know this is a better trading opportunity and the market was it do? It rallies again, you know, from the 22 area up to 32. Um, you know, 34, you know, later goes higher. Then it's sort of you get this double top here. I like this. You got 50 lots traded. Second time 14. I I always

[15:30] like it when you get less volume. The second time around, market comes off again. Delta scalper gives a buy here. This one just doesn't work out. Next bar is red, lower point of control. Next bar, lower point of control. This would have just stopped you out in this in this bar here. Um, again another delta scalper buy. This one again fails. Get down here. You got a um ratio. Oh, sorry. No ratio. You have a divergence. You got an imbalance here. You got this green arrow. So, I know

[16:00] there's some trap traders down here or I hate that term trap traders, but traders stuck um selling into this low with the head fake and the market rallies back up. Then you get a stack selling imbalance again. you know, I mean, is this where you would want to take it? H I'm not a big fan of them here. I said, although it is after a little bit of a move up, you know, rather than earlier I showed you that one stacked imbalance, you know, it would came like literally

[16:25] right after a move down. At least this one you got a little bit of a bounce up and some selling coming back in. And I think that was about it. anything of interest in the in the yen today. Um, what else do I want to look at? The Let's take a look at pound. I think I got a pound chart. I don't remember if there was anything interesting in this market from earlier. pound is not, you know, it's something people are interested in it. So, I I

[17:07] like to talk about markets people have interest in. Um, okay. So, yeah, 911 ratio and divergences here. Again, doesn't get any more obvious than this ratio and divergence. Again, ratio and divergence. Market rallies up, delta scalper, sell, sells off, sort of goes sideways, unfortunately. But again, this is it right here. I mean, screenshot that and just look for these types of trades. Uh, beans, beans. I think we're interesting today. I thought, let me see if I can find the

[17:47] chart. Beans, beans. Here we go. Okay. So, you know, it was big beans moved had a big move today. Um, so you know, again, you know, 8:30 is the reopen 834 ratio with divergence. You you pop up about 2 cents. Um, start working your way down. You you got ratio bounds low here. Point of control on the bottom, which to me is normally a very bullish bar and just comes right back down. You got delta scalper on a dogee

[18:28] bar again. you know, dogey bars I tend to find to be in order flow um relatively neutral in the sense that, you know, I don't really like take trades off dogee bars. Um then you get down here new low divergence ratio in the next bar. Again, market pops up about uh you know, about 2 cents as well. So, you know, you you've had you know, already two ratios and you know, one or two cents on the first one, you know, good two cents on the next one.

[18:58] Um, again, if you held it all the way up through here, you get a little bit more out of it. Market starts falling over again. I mean, you know, you did have this trade. I I thought this was bullish, even though there's no um divergence here. I could live with that because there's to me there's some supportive volume. I felt there was some supportive volume in here. But again, you know, if you get through this volume like this, you start trading down through it, you know, I do believe the

[19:20] market will sell off in times like that, especially in the beans. You see, you hit these levels of of commercial support. um that you know if that commercial support gets blown out then you know the market's just going to naturally drop by a couple cents. So, you know, you get up to the swing high, you know, no ratio. You got a single print up there. Market sells off. And I I would love to say, oh, well, this is actually this is the price rejector, but I' I'd love to have something else up

[19:47] there besides just the price rejector. Get down here. No divergence, no ratio. Pop up a little bit again. Make the move down. Whoops. Lower. Lower. Failed divergence. And you know, you know, this time it's already 1:00. calculus market closes in 15 minutes. You got a ratio and a divergence again, you know, it it's it's one of those things that's tricky if you want to take a trade going into the close because you only got a limited time, you know, and heaven forbid you lose your connection

[20:21] and you're sitting on a position exposed until the reopen. You know, granted, you know, the market reopens, you know, I mean, 6 hours later, it's not like you got to sweat it out overnight like you used to. But again, it's not advisable to be taking stuff so close to the close. But again, you know, if you were, you took this one, you lost. And it comes down here, point of control right on the bottom. You know, I mean, if you're a risk taker, you have four

[20:45] minutes for the close, you could write it up a couple of pennies, you know, couple of cents there. So again, you know, there's some trades that worked out, some trades that didn't. I would I would really love, you know, and say, oh, you know, this delta, sorry, this price rejector here is is the trade of the day, you know, but again, I I I like price rejector as a backup tool, not necessarily for a um a tool to take trades off of myself. But again, that

[21:16] that's me. That's how I use them. But again know that was that was all you had in the price rejector. You had one one sign today right here. You know all these things are are tools. All the these things I develop are tools. The delta scalper is more of a I don't say trading system but again I know people have built trading systems around that uh Delta Scalper. So yeah I haven't talked about S&Ps. We'll take a look at S&Ps now. I can find my chart. 10 range. We'll

[21:50] start with the 10 range. Where the heck are you? You know, very boring morning in in S&Ps this morning. I we just did make new highs later in the day, but um get this off this. So, you know, right on the low just before 5:00, you had Delta Sculper giving a buy. You had a divergence. You literally went from your divergence on your high to your low. But again, I'd like to have a little bit something besides divergence. And here you got the delta sculper giving a buy. You rally up. You

[22:26] get up to cash open and the market just went sideways on you from 8:30 all the way up to just before 10:00, you know, 9:45 when it started rallying, making these new highs. And you know, yesterday's value area high to me was around this 38 level. So you know I had that as as a target actually. You know if if you look back on yesterday's session you know to me the value area high just sort of comes in right here which is around 38 37 and

[22:55] 3/4. So and what happens you we get up to 30 39 actually. Nothing really in here tell me to get short. You know really what I wanted to see was I I wanted to see if the market could get past the value area and continue on. You know you're starting to break out of yesterday's value. I mean, you rallied all the way up through it, right? And I want to see if you're going to get new sellers coming into the market, right? People with um deep pockets to cause the

[23:19] trend to happen, and it doesn't happen. It just sort of falls back in here. You got a ratio with, sorry, you got a divergence and a ratio in the next bar, and the market just sort of hangs around, goes sideways. Um you you make a new high by, you know, what is that, three ticks, and then you sell off. And again, it's it you on a daily chart, it's it's just a looks like um it's just a dogey candle, I believe. If let me get it up here yesterday, you know, right

[23:50] here, you know, this is where we are in the evening session. Um yeah, I kind of predicted I say I predicted I was expecting something like this to happen. Um you know, this Monday where you had the big up day, you didn't get any follow-through the next day. you know, you can't even take out the previous high and you just sort of come back in. And then on um Wednesday, you know, sort of a nothing day and Thursday again, sort of a nothing day as well. So, we'll see what

[24:18] Friday brings. Um take a look at crude really quick. I don't think there was anything in the crude, but um let's take a look. I mean, crude had been moving around the last couple days. So, what do you got here? So, you got this 8:00 8:18 delta sculper giving you a buy. Market pops up a little bit, sort of comes back down in there. Um, you know, we start rallying later off your high. Delta Scalper giving a sell and Delta, you know, sells off a

[24:58] little bit. Delta Scalper gives a buy here. just goes sideways and then we sell off late and they got stacked in balance there. Um sort of come down into this low area. Sort of hang around here this around 12:00. Delta Scalper giving a buy. Um does pop up a bit. Delta Scalper gives a sell here. Delta Scalper and price rejector. Market starts coming off. Delta Scalper giving a buy here. Whoops. This is already 230 though. Um, you know, just sort of did nothing there. So, I mean, you know,

[25:35] just using the delta sculper by itself, you I think he did have a few opportunities. Um, few trading opportunities there here off the high here. You know, it depends. I don't know what you would could have got on this. Maybe would have broken even. Um, but you know, then again, you know, this um this one also a nice one here. So there was some decent opportunities there on the Delta Sculper. So was there any other markets? I think I covered everything

[26:16] here. What is this? Uh it's meal. Soy meal again. Um, you know, soy mail is not something that many people are interested in besides me, but um, this is this is this eight range chart, but again, you know, I' I'd be looking for the same things. You don't have anything in here. Here's a delta scalper kicking off, giving a sell, and the market sells off quite nicely here. You know, it's $10 a tick. So, you know, a move from 296 to 295 is um it's 100

[26:52] bucks, you know. So, all got all the way down to 293 and a half. But again, you know, the the meal, the soy meal is an interesting contract to trade because u when we get into the summer months, it tends to be a bit more volatile and you know, there could be some, like I said, it's $10 a tick. There's can be some decent trading opportunities in there if you're uh but you got to be good. You got to be quick. I say good. You got to be quick. Um cuz

[27:18] it can move sometimes pretty quick on you. Can move um you know from 295 to 296. Sometimes it can jump like that pretty quick. So again, thanks for watching this and be sure to subscribe to my channel u below. Click the subscribe button. And if you're interested in learning more about Orderflow, visit my uh website, orderflows.com. And I I uh I'm always running specials on the software. So again, if you're interested in Orderflow, visit my website, orderflows.com, or uh subscribe to my YouTube channel. At least you'll be

[27:52] alerted when I post new videos. So thanks everyone. Bye-bye.
