---
video_number: 209
inferred_title: "How To Easily Understand Order Flow For Better Trading Results"
inferred_date: "2021-04-16"
video_id: "6d1gbDrKcCA"
source_vtt: "20210416 - How To Easily Understand Order Flow For Better Trading Results [6d1gbDrKcCA].en.vtt"
word_count: 8954
segment_count: 1365
---

# How To Easily Understand Order Flow For Better Trading Results
*Date:* 2021-04-16  |  *Video ID:* 6d1gbDrKcCA  |  *Words:* 8954
*Source VTT:* `20210416 - How To Easily Understand Order Flow For Better Trading Results [6d1gbDrKcCA].en.vtt`

---

[00:00] the show. Our first guest, Michael Valtos. Hello, Michael. Hi, good morning, Anna. How are you? Hopefully, um you can see my screen okay. The screen looks good to me. You have 45 minutes. Okay, great. Thank you, Anna. So, hey everybody, it's Mike. It's April 15th. It's tax day in the US, even though um I think they extended it out to um May, another month for everybody, which is always nice. You know, it's always um the time after tax day in the US, April 15th, is always

[00:35] uh we always get a nice little rally, but it just seems like this rally has been going on and on um since beginning of the year. And you know, people ask me, you know, how can I use order flow to see what's happening in the market, you know, because sometimes they they they they can't make heads or tails of this rally, because it just you know, everything says, you know, the market shouldn't go up, but it keeps going up. And I want to show you today how you could use order

[00:59] flow to see things in the market rally that other people can't see. So, oops. What you're going to learn today is why order flow is so valuable to a trader. I'm going to show you how to put the pieces of order flow together, and I'm going to show you how to recognize actionable order flow. And what do I mean mean by actionable order flow is trades that you can take based on the order flow. You know, the way I like to describe order flow, it's it's almost

[01:29] like reading a book, you know, and you know, the market is a story that's that's constantly being updated, and um you know, new chapters being put on, and it's just fascinating how you can read what's happening in the market based on the trading that's happening out there. So, those of you that are new to who I am, my name is Michael Valtos, and I'm the owner of trader at orderflows.com. I started this in in 2015 after I left uh JP Morgan. Um spent eight years at JP Morgan as vice

[02:01] president of futures trading. You know, on the trading desk actually trading not sitting in an office looking at spreadsheets and you know, saying oh, you know, the risk is too much or anything. No, you know, actually on the desk pounding out trades from 6:00 in the morning when the markets opened until 5:00 p.m. at night. I was based in Singapore. So that was the Globex reopen you know, after the main session closed cuz we're in Asia and up until you know, basically almost you know, mid-morning in London time. Prior to

[02:32] that I was with Cargill the big commodity trading firm in the US. You know, it's probably this I think it's the second largest privately held company in the United States. You know, they got over 130,000 employees all around the world and they trade everything you can imagine. Before that I was with Commerzbank in Chicago. I was their licensed Eurex trader for 3 years. I spent 2 years prior to that at EDF Man also the big English trading company has been around since the 1700s. And I started on the CME floor with Dean

[03:02] Witter and I left the trading floor when electronic trading started taking hold back in the early 90s. You know, that was probably one of the the best decisions that I made in my career. You know, it's cuz I realized you know, what you know, I was in my early 20s and computerized trading was just starting to take off and I realized you know, what that's where I want to be and you know, it was just amazing watching the growth and unfortunately watching the floors close down. And you know, one of the reasons

[03:31] why I like doing presentations like this is because you know, I was able to get started on the trading floor. You know, back when there were trading floors, you could go down to the trading floor and literally stand outside the front door ask somebody for a job. You know, I knew a person that was shining shoes outside the exchange and eventually they ended up landing a job because they they the shoes for one of the traders and said yeah, sure, I'll give you a job." You know, now you

[03:55] don't have that entry. Right? Now, you know, if you want to get a job at a bank or a hedge fund or a trading firm, you know, you have to have graduate from a certain school with a certain background and all that, you know, whereas before it was the barrier to entry was so low that, you know, almost literally anybody could go get started. And you know, so I learned a lot in, you know, my over 20 years of institutional trading and, you know, I like to share

[04:20] it with people because they just don't have that access to knowledge. Now, after I left JP Morgan, I left it in 2015 uh 2013 and I I was trading for myself using order flow, using everything that I've learned about order flow over the years. And there was software out there which was just pretty basic order flow analysis software and I realized, you know what? The computer can do a lot more for you. It can analyze the information that you're seeing. And so around 2014, I started working with a

[04:52] programmer to create my own software, right? Basically take the order flow software that was out there and improve it, right? Just like Steve Jobs didn't invent the mobile phone, right? When he created the iPhone, he took the existing technology out there and made it better. And my software runs on NinjaTrader 8. It's called the Order Flows Trader and it's a volume footprint chart with 17 pre-programmed order flow indicators or tools which I I do show you some in this presentation. And the reason I just talk about this

[05:22] really briefly is because, you know, the charts that I use in this presentation are generated from that software. Now, I also wrote a book on trading order flow. You know, I like to say I literally wrote the book on it, but there had been no no good information for traders out there. So, you know, in 2015, I also, you know, I was trading and I started writing my book on order flow. And if you stick until the end, I'm going to show you how to get it for free. Okay,

[05:49] it's 150 pages. All you got to do is just uh go to the link that I'm going to give you. And then you you can download it to your iPhone, you know, your your tablet or whatever, your computer, and print it up if you like. Or you just read it from your iPhone. Now, before I begin, you know, just a brief disclaimer, do understand that trading involves risk, and only risk capital should be used for trading. Okay? So, let me ask you, you know, most of

[06:11] us, you know, we're we're familiar with looking at a normal candlestick chart, okay? And when we look at a normal bar chart or candlestick chart, all we're really doing is one thing. We are following price, okay? And, you know, the the way I kind of describe it sometimes is it's a bit like going up and down a ladder, right? Cuz, you know, candlestick charts are a little bit different than a normal bar open high low close chart in that they, you know, have colors, you know,

[06:38] green for a bar that closed up, red for a bar that closed down. And it it's a bit like going up and down a ladder, right? The market goes up, then you get some red candles, it looks like it's about to go down, but it goes back up. But really, what it's more like is like this child's game, called, you know, shoots and ladder or Candy Land, where you're going up, you know, you roll the dice, move a certain amount forward, then, oh, you got to go back down. You

[07:00] know, and the market's a bit like that. And if you're just watching price, right? You're just seeing where the market was, right? It's not giving you much clue into where the market can potentially go, right? And as a trader, that's what we want to know, you know, which is the What is the path of least resistance? Where is the market going to be going? Now, where does the information from the bar chart comes from? Well, it comes from the time and sales, right? What actually traded in the market,

[07:30] right? The market's traded in a two-way auction. There's a bid, and there's an offer. Now, the time and sales just reports what traded, you know, at what time it traded, the price it traded, and the quantity it traded, but the problem is now with the markets move very fast, very quickly with a lot of volume, you know, this is just literally 2 seconds, right? And there's probably more information in here and you can see there's a lot of trades going through. There's a lot of one lots, two lot, you

[07:59] know, one here's six, here's five, a lot of ones, and you see um, you know, orange or red prices, you see green prices, you know, and a lot of people can't make heads or tails of it, but all this information that you're seeing here is what goes on a bar chart, but there's a lot of information here. Right? You have most people think that, you know, for every buyer there's a seller and and there is, okay? But there's different types of buyers and sellers. You have aggressive buyers, you

[08:25] have aggressive sellers. You have passive buyers, you have passive sellers. The way to think of it is aggressive sellers sell to the passive buyers. Aggressive buyers buy from the passive sellers. And the best way to think of it is when you're trying to buy a house right now, right? The market is crazy, pretty much everywhere in the world for buying a house, and you know that if you're trying to buy a house, you got to be very aggressive, right? Say the house is listed at $500,000, you know, you got

[08:52] to just, you know, if you like it, you just got to buy it, right? And sometimes you got to offer even more money, right? You are being the aggressive buyer, right? The seller is happy to sell it at 500,000. Now, say this property market crashes, right? And all of a sudden it becomes a buyer's market, it's the sellers who will be aggressive, right? So, your your house, if you're the seller, right? You're trying to sell this house for half a million dollars, all of a sudden now the

[09:18] market conditions have changed. There's no buyers. So, what do you have to do? As a seller, you have to be aggressive. You have to find where there's a bid in the market, you know, maybe the market, maybe there's a buyer there at 450,000. Okay, you're happy you'll sell it to him. You're going to be the aggressive seller because you're selling to the buyer that's like, yeah, I like this house, but there's so many houses now on the market, you know, I'll I'll pay you 450 for that. Okay, they'll

[09:41] sell it to you there, right? Whereas now it's it's we're in a in a seller's market where it's the buyers who are aggressive. Now, about you know, when electronic trading really started um taking hold back in the early 2000s, even though electronic trading has been around since the '90s, the depth of market has become a tool that a lot of traders started looking at. And again, you know, the market's traded in a two-way auction. So, what you have is volume on the bid. Now, you can look at

[10:12] volume on the offer as well, as opposed to just looking at the volume that traded. And so, you get an idea of where the passive sellers are, where the passive buyers are, right? Where people are happy to buy below the market or sell above the market. And again, remember, aggressive sellers sell to the passive buyers. Aggressive buyers buy from the passive sellers. That's what makes the market go up or down is what the aggressive traders are doing. Are there aggressive sellers or are there aggressive buyers?

[10:42] People that are clearing out the liquidity in the market, right? Liquidity is, you know, the the resting orders in the market, right? Either above the offer or below the bid. Okay? But again, reading a depth of market, just like reading a time and sales, is very difficult for a lot of traders, right? I mean, it's easy to look at a video and see somebody, oh, yeah, you know, I'm going to I'm going to sell here, buy, you know, I'm going to buy here, you know, there's a big bid here,

[11:09] you know, I'm going to do this. But it takes many, many, many years of experience and many, many years of trial and error as a trader to really get it going. You know, honestly, about 5, 10 years ago, the markets were a lot calmer. You know, when we're trading 1,200 in the S&Ps, we would have a 10-point range for the day. Now, we're getting 40, 50-point ranges. You you we're getting bars that, you know, price ranges in 1 minute of 10 handles. You know, that's in the past that was one whole day. Now,

[11:42] if you're trying to read a dome, the market's moving too fast that you you can't make good trading decisions consistently. You know, you could you could find some good trades, but being consistent is sort of the holy grail in trading. You know, people always say, "What's the holy grail in trading?" It's about being consistent as a trader. But, interpreting what you see in the dome and time and sales, it's it's like being in the water and being thrown a life preserver, right? The life preserver is your dome or your time and

[12:10] sales, but you're just you're going to you're going to sink. You're going to drown. You still need more help because it's just moving too fast, right? It's not like the old days where things would, you know, imagine trading in the night session now is what it was like trading in the day session 5 years ago, 10 years ago. It was a lot calmer in terms of market activity um and and price movements. So, what somebody developed, I didn't develop this, is the volume footprint chart, okay, which takes the information

[12:41] you're seeing from the time and sales and puts it into an easy-to-read chart. And it's from that footprint chart that you can make good trading decisions. And there's three main points of order flow, delta, point of control, and imbalance. So, what makes the footprint chart much different than say your normal bar chart is you can see the volume. You can see the volume traded on the bid. You can see the volume traded on the offer. You can see where the most volume in a bar traded.

[13:13] You can see how the market reacted at the extremes, at the high or the low of the bar, at the high or the low of a swing, at the higher or low of the day, right? And that's very valuable information as a trader. Now, I'll just briefly explain what the three pieces are. Delta is the net difference between aggressive buyers and aggressive sellers, right? And it's important to know so that you know who is dominating the current market as shown in the bar, right? It's It's

[13:40] people get so complacent looking at a bar chart and say, "Well, the candle is green, so yeah, I know buyers are in control. We closed higher." Yes, that's a basic way to look at it, but when you start looking at the volume, you can interpret it um in a few different ways to give you show you times where it's actually very strong or if market is weak. So, volume the delta is the difference between the volume traded on the offer versus volume traded on the bid,

[14:09] okay? And delta in most software on footprint charts will appear at the bottom. So, you know, you'll have negative or positive, and sometimes it'll be zero. Just just coincidence, but generally red bars will have negative delta, and green bars will have positive delta, but you're going to see bars like this. This is a green candle. But, it's got big negative delta, okay? And I'm going to talk about that a bit later. Now, point of control is the second part of order flow that's important is the price level

[14:37] in the bar with the most volume. Now, there's no mathematical fancy formula to determine it. It's just simple arithmetic. You take the volume traded on the bid at a price and the volume traded at the offer on a price, and if at that price in the bar is the most volume, that's your point of control. Every bar has a point of control. Okay, I I just highlighted a few here, right? You can see on this red bar it's highlighted with like this gray rectangle around it. Every bar has one,

[15:04] right? Whether it's a red bar um a green bar or even a doji bar, right? A bar that opens and closes at the same price. Now, I've highlighted this golden one because this is one of the things that I want talk about is having software that's going to do do some of the order flow analysis for you and tell you, "Hey, you know what? This point of control matters. This point of control is support." Or in another case, this point of control is resistance, right? So, you know, that's how order

[15:36] flow is going to help you in terms of analyzing volume. So, now you have volume in the bar, where the most volume is. You have volume in terms of the difference between the aggressive buyers and the aggressive sellers in the bar. That's the delta. Now, the third part is imbalances. Market imbalances occur when there are more aggressive buyers than aggressive sellers, or vice versa, more aggressive sellers and buyers in the two-way auction. Remember, a market is trades in a two-way auction. It's 26 bid at 27,

[16:10] right? And how the market reacts when it trades 26 versus it trades 27, can give you clues, right? The volume that's traded, if you have an imbalance, you could have a buy imbalance, which would occur when there's at least four times as many traders buying the offer than traders selling the bid. A sell imbalance is the opposite. It's when there are at least four times as many traders selling the bid than traders buying the offer, right? And think of an imbalance like this, right? You got the

[16:37] elephant pushing the car, right? You're driving down the road in Africa and you're in your little car, rental car, and there's an elephant in there. You think, "Ah, I could take him. You know, I'm in a car." Well, the elephant just comes right up and pushes you out of the way. That's an imbalance. Like, the elephant is much stronger and much bigger than you, okay? And you're going to lose. So, in a bar, right? On the footprint chart, there's red numbers, there's blue numbers, and there's black numbers. Your normal

[17:06] trading that's happening is a black number in the bar. There's nothing special, right? That's just the normal trade. But, you're going to see in a bar red numbers, right? You see 11 against 1, 19 against one, 10 against three, um 14 against zero, you know, four against 22. These are selling imbalances, all right? Just as you have blue numbers, which are buying imbalances, three against 88, um one against five, 17 against 60, 12 against 40, nine against 39. These are buying imbalances, and what it's telling you in the two-way

[17:38] auction, if you have a buying imbalance, there was more aggressive buying than aggressive selling, right? When the market was 70 bid at 71, you had 12 aggressive sellers versus 40 aggressive buyers, okay? So, you have an imbalance at that price in that bar, okay? And so, now you're taking the volume that's traded in the two-way auction, and you're able to come away with something that you can use to trade around, right? Because you know that if you have aggressive buying, what do you think the market's going to do?

[18:13] Generally, it's going to go up. If you have aggressive selling, generally, what the market the way it's the direction it's leaning towards is coming off, okay? Now, generally, like I said, as the market rises, you see buying imbalances. Aggressive buyers are lifting the best offer and looking for the next best offer, right? They're they're cleaning off the whatever's on the offer, and they're buying the next one, right? Just think of it as um you know, when you know, at Christmas time, when there's the hot toy, all

[18:40] right? That that every kid needs, you know, and you go around, you're looking for it, and prices just keep going up. It's because everybody is buying that supply, and the sellers know that they could sell it for higher, right? So, they mark the price up because people the demand is there, they will buy it. Whereas, if the market is falling, you generally see selling imbalances, right? Aggressive sellers are selling into the best bid and looking for the next best bid to sell into. Why? It's because now

[19:06] there's a lot of supply in the market, right? So, they're they're happy to keep selling it as the price goes down at lower prices cuz they have a lot of supply they have to get rid of. So, what what's the whole point of order flow? Well, it asked the answers the question what is the market doing? Right? That That's the question that you always want to be asking as a trader, what is the market doing? And again, most traders look at a chart and try to figure out what the market is

[19:34] doing and where it's going based on incomplete information, right? They're just looking at price. Right? They're not looking at the volume. And yeah, this was crude just yesterday, right? Remember crude had a nice rally yesterday, but you know, it was sort of midway up in this rally, the market hit the high, came off, and then just sort of went sideways. Well, you know, as a trader, you want to know, okay, well, why is the market pausing in here? What What's causing it to stop in here? You know,

[20:03] people can say, well, I'm looking at the candles, you know, you got small ranges, you got a doji here. Um you know, it's this tested this. But, you know, as a trader, as it's happening, you want to know why it's acting like that. Right? This was This is the that area I just showed you on the previous chart. I just I took it out of show you on a on a bigger scale is volume. Right? Volume is telling you that there's support here, okay? And that's really what you want to know as a

[20:32] trader. Where are areas where the market can stop? Where are areas the market can trade through? Volume, right? Well, the price stopped here because of volume, okay? Obviously, you have this point of control right down here. You can see the volume, 196. Right? And people say, well, you have negative delta, isn't that bearish? Well, technically, it is, but what you have, remember, you have an selling imbalance here, 196 against 41. You know, Mike, you just said, if you have aggressive selling, the market should go down, but actually,

[21:07] you it a step further. That's why I said, think outside the box. Don't think in um terms of well, I got aggressive selling, it should be short. What you have here is you have support in the market. You have a buyer that's absorbing all the aggressive selling that's going on down here. It's causing the most volume in the bar at this at the low of the bar. You have 196 against 41. So, you had very strong selling, but there's a buyer here. Yeah, sure. You want to sell some more? I'll buy it.

[21:36] Right? Market started to go up a little bit, just went sideways, came back down. That buyer is still there. Now, you see an imbalance of 63 against 21. Right? Now, the thing with imbalances, the industry standard, right? What most people traders use is 4:1, but a lot of traders use 3:1 um and 5:1. But again, you know, I said 4:1, but you know, depending on the market that you're looking at, you can adjust it, right? It's not set in stone that oh, it has to be 4:1. You know, I use 3:1 a lot

[22:06] of times. I know a lot of other traders that use 3:1. I know traders that use um almost 10:1. They use 987 for some reason cuz I think it's a fib number, but you know, 10:1 basically, you could look for as well. You know, there's different ways of using imbalances to look for things. I mean, if you have an imbalance that's 10:1, right? 10 buyers to one seller. What do you think the market's telling you? You know, it's telling you it's pretty strong in that direction, okay? So, you want to know

[22:34] those. But what's happened here? The market is stopping because of the volume, right? And as a trader, that's valuable information, right? Look at how this market reacted, you know, from the 70 area all the way up into the 30s. Now again, you know, I know a lot of traders will will trade this like, well, you got this double top, I'm waiting for it to break out before I get long. You buy that breakout, then it sells off another 20 point, another 25 um ticks before it goes back up, right? But

[23:01] if you're trading down here and you can see the volume that's happening that's stopping this move, you could be getting long down here at 70 for the move back up, you know, back up to 6300. You know, it came back down. It's holding these levels, okay? Maybe you put some more on. And it goes up, rather than you know, what most traders will trade it is all awaiting for this breakout, you know, take out the previous high. You can know what's happening down in here as soon as it

[23:27] happens. Okay? But, again, it's not just about looking for areas of heavy volume. You can analyze volume in relation to how it's traded. That's where the order flow comes in. The delta, the point of control, and imbalances. I mean, it's one thing to see, oh yeah, there's heavy volume at this price. You know, that's that's important. I can trade around that. But, you don't always get those crystal clear examples, right? That's why you got to look at the order flow. Right? And here's the market. This was

[23:55] E-minis yesterday, right? Market selling off nicely, right? You seen a lot of selling imbalances on the way down. That's what you like to see. Okay? You seen the negative deltas for the most part, minus 1200, minus 1500, minus 3500. You mean, you do have some little bit of buying that comes in once in a while, 400, 472. But, then as it comes into this bottom down in in here, what do you start to see? Well, you start to see several bars with buying imbalances. Now, there was

[24:26] some buying imbalances here, okay? I mean, this market looked like it was getting primed to rally in here, right? But, you're not getting the follow through. Right? You got a bar with one, two, three imbalances, buying imbalances, which is good. But, then this next bar, there's no follow through. Right? And obviously, you got the negative delta. But, as you're looking in here, right? As you're coming down, very strong negative delta, 1200, 1500, 3000. All of a sudden, it gets very small, minus 118, minus 500, minus 257.

[24:58] Now you got strong positive delta, 400. A small delta, 135. Then a nice strong positive delta, 1271, right? And here you got 1 2 3 4 5 6 buying imbalances. Okay? In this bar, so that's that's good, right? You're seeing the aggressive buying coming in. You're seeing the imbalances come in. You're seeing points of control go higher, basically, you know, from the low here. You know, maybe this one's more or less the same. It's one tick lower. Higher point of control. So basically you got 1 2 3 higher points of

[25:32] control, four here. And the market putting a little bit of a rally. Right? That's how you could use the different pieces of volume, right? You don't have to analyze necessarily every single print that goes through. Oh, you know, it traded No, you could just look at, okay, what's the delta doing? Is it growing? Is it getting bigger positive or bigger negative? You know, as we're coming down, you know, eventually lows are going to be made. And as you come into lows, you start to see the

[25:59] selling weakening in terms of the negative delta, right? It tends to get smaller. Minus 118, minus 585, minus 257. Then it starts turning positive. For a market to start rallying, you're going to need to string together bars with strong positive delta, which you're starting to see here. 400, 1200, 600. Okay? And obviously the points of control are going higher. On moves down, points of controls generally go lower. Again, this was also yesterday in the E-minis, right? What does order flow tell us? Well, in this blue box, you

[26:33] know, it's kind of mixed to a little bit bullish, right? In the red box, it's definitely bearish. Okay? You know, in here, you know, it's mostly going sideways, honestly. You're seeing some buying imbalances. Delta's kind of mixed. You're seeing some positive, some negative. Um but you see, you know, some bars with some nice positive deltas. Again, points of controls are sort of lining up almost at identical levels. Here, you got three at the same level. Here, you've got two back-to-back, two back-to-back. And again, it's just sort of choppy. But

[27:04] then you get up in here, right? You can see delta turns negative, 122. But then minus 22, which is small. 16, which is small. I sort of treat those as neutral. Uh, then minus 300, right? Minus 700, okay? And what do you see now? You're seeing a lot of selling imbalances. You're seeing 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 imbalances, selling imbalances, right? Before you even get to this red bar with three more selling imbalances, right? With the nice big negative delta. So, if you're looking at these this group of

[27:39] five bars, you know, what you're seeing in here is kind of mixed to it, maybe a little bit bullish. But in here, it's definitely bearish, right? What do you think the market's going to do? You know, someone's going to say, "Hey, hey, you got to take a trade." Well, you got to get short, right? You're not going to get long. You're not going to be looking to buy in here with all the selling coming in. And that's where the volume is going to help you, right? Volume in

[27:59] the difference between aggressive buyers and aggressive sellers in the delta, imbalances, in the two-way auction, and points of control. Because as the market goes down, it's looking for, you know, imagine, right? There's a lot of supply coming into the market. Traders are looking for an area that they can move a lot of supply. And if the market is getting overwhelmed with supply, it's going to be trading lower, right? The volume is going to be trading lower. They're happy to sell it at lower prices cuz they have a lot of volume. That's

[28:30] why points of controls go down. Let's take a look at gold. Similar story, right? On the way down, a lot of selling, right? You see the aggressive, um, sellers in the bars with the many imbalances, right? Then you sort of get down into the low, then you seeing the aggressive buying starting to pick up, right? You see 82, 120, 48, you know, 21, then 1, 91, 159. Right? You got this nice move up and on this nice move up, you're seeing higher points of controls for the most part.

[29:01] You know, here you got one that's one tick lower, this one's one tick lower, but then it jumps back up, higher point of control, higher point of control. Here, this bar has got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 imbalances. This bar has got four buying imbalances, right? You can see the delta's just getting stronger. Right? It's gone from kind of mixed in here, 48 21 and 1 to positive 91, positive 159, and you get this nice move from, you know, the 35 and 1/2 area all the way up

[29:28] to the 38 and 1/2 area in basically 7 8 minutes, right? The market is telling you, "Hey, you know what? This low is holding. Aggressive buyers are coming into the market." Right? That's how order flow is going to help you as a trader. So, let me ask you, how many times have you taken a trade and immediately went against you, right? It happens all of us, right? It happens to me. What you do next can determine if you're going to be successful or not in the

[29:56] trade, and that's where order flow is going to help you. You know, do you let a trade stop you out or are you willing to get out of a bad trade early, you know, at a level with a smaller loss? And that's where reading the order flow helps you as a trader. It can tell you, "Hey, you know what? Conditions have changed in the market. You you might want to think about getting out." Right? You don't have to wait till the market stops you out. If the market is telling

[30:17] you, "Hey, you know what? You're long, but we're seeing selling coming in, you you got to get out." Right? You don't need to wait for it to stop you out. Oh, there's a lot of selling coming in. I better get out now, right? That's where the order flow is going to help you, right? It's that market-generated information is based on the volume the market traded on the bid and the volume traded on the offer at a price. It's going to tell you when the market conditions change,

[30:43] right? So, imagine, right? You're in a short position, right? Market is making new lows. Yay, happy days, right? You're happy. You know, you're short. Oh, then you get that big bar down, that beautiful bar down. You know, it just drops from 40 down to 30, you know, 36. And then it starts putting in these new lows. But then as it gets down here, you got to be asking, okay, is this the end of that move? So, you start looking at these bars, all right? And you see a

[31:08] higher point of control. Okay, that's bullish. You're starting to see buying imbalances, right? You don't see the selling imbalances anymore, right? That you saw on this on these big pushes down here, right? With all the red in the bar. You just seeing buying imbalances. Now, you don't have to sit here and analyze, well, it's three against 17. Um it's 11 against 52. It's three against 18. Now, you just say, okay, I got a buying imbalance here. I've got four buying imbalances here. I've got five buying imbalances in this bar. Right?

[31:33] You see the delta. Okay, what's delta doing? Well, we're at the low. You've got positive delta. What do you think the market's telling you? Right? That's a divergence in the order flow. If you make a new or equal low, and you've got positive delta, well, all of a sudden now you got buyers coming into the market, right? That's important information, all right? That people aren't picking up because they're not looking at the order flow. You know, that's what markets do, right? They They They go to find buyers. They go to find

[32:02] sellers, right? The markets go up or down looking for buyers, looking for sellers. You're at your low of the day, and all of a sudden buyers are coming in, and they're coming in pretty aggressive. What do you think the market's going to do? Going to go higher or go lower? Well, chances are it's going to go higher. So, you start putting these pieces together. Points of controls are moving up. Aggressive buying coming in in terms of imbalance. Deltas are positive. So, it's telling me overall, these bars are bullish, right?

[32:28] And then the market makes a nice move higher. All right? MNQ, right? This is a 20 range chart. Again, you got to be looking at what's happening in terms of imbalances, delta, point of control. And it And order flow is not about analyzing every single tick that goes through. Some people like to. I don't. Yeah, I don't think you need to. But as this market's going down, right? You're seeing the aggressive selling, right? You're seeing the negative deltas. You're seeing the lower points of control. You're seeing the selling

[32:56] imbalances. Then the market just sort of goes sideways in here. Okay? But then it starts to rip up, right? As it rips up, you're getting the positive deltas. You can see it down here on the bottom. You know, the 213980. You're seeing the buying imbalances coming in, right? You're seeing the higher points of control as you're finally starting to put in a move up. One, two, three consecutive higher points of control just as on this move down, you see consecutive points of control going down. You know, one, two,

[33:26] three, four, five lower points of control. In here, it's kind of mixed. But then the direction at this point is clear, right? That it's going up. And again, you know, like I said earlier, you know, order flow is like reading a book, right? Understanding what's happening in the market, right? This is beautiful from the E-minis the other day. It came up to the high here at 4119 and a quarter, then we sold off almost immediately. But as you're going up, what do you see? Okay? What you see,

[33:54] higher points of control, which is what you like to see. Okay? You're seeing some buying imbalances on the way up. That's what you like to see. But you're seeing negative delta. Okay. You know, it's kind of mixed. 2161 minus 77. You got a nice bar here with nice positive delta, 722. But then it just sort of spins around up here. Yeah, at the high of the day, you got negative delta. The next bar, also negative delta. But you're seeing all of a sudden, now you're seeing

[34:22] one, two, three, four, five selling imbalances, right? That's not good. Right? You're seeing aggressive selling up here near the high. What do you think the market's going to do? Well, chances are it's going to fall over, right? And it just goes sideways, points of control sort of migrate a bit higher, you know, the kind of then they get mixed in here, but then they drop off lower, lower, lower. You're seeing the aggressive selling coming in in the imbalances. You're seeing just negative delta, so you know, you're up here at

[34:47] your high of the day and you're seeing mostly every bar up here, right up at the high of the day, it's got negative delta. What do you think is happening? You got aggressive selling at the high of the day. Do you think the market's going to go higher? You know, it might later and it but for now, the direction is going to be down. That's the way you got to position yourself. So, remember, right? For a market to move in the direction you expect it to, there needs to be

[35:13] follow through order flow. If there's no follow through order flow, what reason is there for the market to move, right? Your super duper indicator is not what makes the market move. Markets move because the actual buying and selling taking place in the market, right? Order flow analysis provides the trader that information they need to get that edge over other traders. That's what everyone always says, you know, any book on trading, any video, you got to have an edge, you got to have an edge, but they don't really tell you how to

[35:39] find that edge. Order flow gives you that edge. It allows you to see and understand what's happening in the market that other traders don't see. And that's one of the reasons why, you know, I designed the Order Flows Trader, you know, 6 years ago is because I realized I could have the software do a lot of the analysis for me, right? I want to know where there's divergence, you know, when we're at the high of the day and there's aggressive selling coming in. I I want to know where

[36:05] there's market weakness in terms of looking at the delta, right? That's what these blue arrows are. It's telling me there's market weakness, right? I want to know which points of controls are going to be bearish, right? Like these two purple ones, right? That's telling me these points of controls matter and they're bearish, right? That's resistance. Support in point of control, that's this blue point of control. You know, that's that's where having good software helps you as a trader, helps you get an edge over other traders that

[36:32] aren't looking at volume, let alone looking at order flow all together, right? They don't know that there's, you know, at this high of the day that there's aggressive selling coming in in terms of the delta. They don't know that there's, based on the volume in the bar, that there's resistance up here. I mean, why does this market trade right up to this price, right? One tick below the point of control is because there's resistance based on what traded here, right? It's It's important to know that information

[36:59] as a trader. Right? And again, you know, let the software help you as a trader, right? Let it determine, "Hey, you know what? There's market weakness down here at this swing low." So, you could position yourself that if you start seeing other things like um aggressive buying coming in in terms of imbalance, you could take the market back up, right? That's what That's the information that order flow is going to give you to give you an edge. Now, when I first released the Order Flow Suite Trader back in 2015, one of the

[37:27] things that I put in it was what I call ratios, order flow ratios. That's why you see on some bars um blue numbers above a bar or black numbers above or below a bar. And what it means, if it's a black number, it's just basically your order flow that's your normal order flow. But, when there's a blue number, right? That's telling you there's a ratio in the order flow by analyzing the volume in there. And depending on where it comes in, it's going to tell you there's either

[37:57] price exhaustion or price defense, right? Stopping volume, right? So, that's why you often see, you know, markets stop and reverse or stop and go sideways at areas where there's ratios. And one of my bread and butter trades is a divergence and a ratio like you have right here, right? Your high of the day and you have a ratio, right? 45. First time you had your divergence, that's this red here, right? You got the negative delta 162 at the high of the day. Here you got negative delta 800 at

[38:28] your high of the day, but this time based on the order flow in this bar is telling you there's price exhaustion the second time we hit it. There wasn't the first time. But this is a trade that, you know, it's sort of, you know, my one of always been one of my bread and butter trades. Happens all the time in pretty much every market. I'll say all the time, but you know, most days it will happen at least once or twice. So it's a great trade to look at. And

[38:51] it's funny because when I released my software by within 6 months a lot of other software started putting these ratios in. But you know what? It's it they never understood how to use it. So it's like what's the point of having tools when you don't know how to use it, right? I mean I use NinjaTrader, right? NinjaTrader's got 3-400 separate indicators in there that I don't use cuz first of all, I don't understand a lot of these things. You know, what's the point of having tools that you're not going to use?

[39:19] That's why everything that's in the order flow indicator is tools for traders to use, right? Because it's designed by a trader that's trading it, right? Here's another example, divergence and a ratio. Right? A nice move down to where? Support. Market generated support. And it moved up to where? Market generated resistance. All right? That's these points of control. And again, you know, even at the high of the day knowing that there's three selling imbalances in this bar, you got your high of the day. Look, you got aggressive selling coming in. Again,

[39:51] that's more information that as a trader you can use. So hopefully you can see how powerful order flow analysis is, right? You don't need to overcomplicate trading. Just trade what's happening right in front of you. So if you found this helpful, you're going to like this package that I have developed for you, right? If you really want to add order flow analysis to your trading, you know, raise your hand. Now there's two ways you can do it, right? You could spend a year looking at the screen trying to

[40:16] figure out order flow, waste a year of your life, and more money trading. And when I ask you, you know, next year, when you come to one of my presentations, how's your trading going? You just give me the thumbs up, you know, you're still alive, but you're suffering. Or the easy way. Get the education and software from a trader who has successfully traded order flow at the highest level for decades. You're going to skip the massive trading losses, skip the wasted time. So, you get the order

[40:40] flows trader software for NinjaTrader 8. Again, it's the software that has 17 pre-programmed order flow indicators. I talked about two of them here. And you're going to Normally, I sell this for $899, right? But you're not going to pay that today. Now, I realize having order flow software is one thing, right? You got to know how to use it. So, I give you a lot of education. Okay? So, each week I do a live group training session just for users of the software. If you can't

[41:06] attend, you can watch the recordings. There's over 116 videos. Um so, it's been going on for over 2 years. And again, other people sell you software for four figures, and then charge you extra to learn how to use it, right? This is weekly training. You can come in, you can ask your questions. Um I do it all for free because I want you to get up to speed on trading order flow. And I'll also give you access to my order flow trading course, which normally sells for $297. There's 20

[41:32] lessons. It's 15 hours of video instruction. But also, right? For those that really want to jump in, dive deeper, I've got the order flow inner circle video series. And normally, I sell this access to the just these videos is for $497. There's 56 videos on advanced order flow um analysis, nuances, and tips, right? So, you can get all that for free, right? So, you start adding all that together, right? The software, the training, the inner circle video series. I don't even put a price on the live group training

[42:03] because I think it's I don't want to say priceless, but you know, it's it's a way to improve your trading, right? That not a lot of people have access to, right? You can come in there, you can ask me any of your questions and I'll do my best to answer them. Um you know, that's really $1,600. You're not going to pay that. And because of Investors Expo, I got even a special bonus for you. I'll give you access to my order flow playbook, which is um additional training and there's I

[42:30] think 10 or 11 additional trade setups that you can look for in the order flow and give you that for free. So, that's almost $2,000 worth of software and training, right? So, you know, what other people are saying is, you know, the order flow trader software is very helpful. They can see who's in control of the market, right? So, it's time to think about your success, right? But you got to plan it to get there, okay? You can't You're not going to get anywhere without planning it. So,

[42:58] for a one-time payment of $749, you're going to get access to the software and all the training. There's no more fees you have to pay me. That's it, right? Some people like to charge you a recurring fee, $100, $200 a month and then you can never cancel it. No, it's just a one-time payment, right? So, you go to orderflows.com/oft3 and I'll just put the link in the box there for you guys. And you know, it's just you go to this page. You scroll down this page right here,

[43:27] right? You just scroll down on the side. Takes you down here. You click on that button. Now, there's a bunch of videos and and more charts you could look at to show you how to use the software. You just click on this button to buy now, right? Takes you to PayPal. I don't get your credit card information. I don't want it. It's all handled through PayPal. And you just That's it. Simple, right? Then within um usually a couple hours cuz you know, things has to get processed and and user

[43:52] IDs and logins have to and licenses have to be created. Um you'll you'll get it in your email, right? The email that you use with PayPal. Now, for those that stuck around and want a copy of my book, just go to orderflows.com/book.html. You just got to enter your first name, last name, and the email. Click submit and then it takes you directly to the page you can download it from. Okay? So, the main point is you got to get started, right? It's we're a year from

[44:21] basically when the world locked down. You know, you should ask yourself where you are now versus where you were a year ago. Are you where you want to be in terms of trading and you know, being able to become a full-time trader or even someone that's doing it part-time and is consistent, right? That's that's what you have to do. Right? You got to take action. You got to act now. So, anyway, Anna, um I I don't have time for questions, but if anybody's got a question, they can

[44:50] just shoot me an email. It's um my contact's on my website. It's just mike@orderflows.com. But again, all the links are in the chat, you know, for downloading the book, it's orderflows.com/book.html. And the software, just go to orderflows.com/ oft3, oft3, cuz it's the third version of the software. .html. And anyway, Anna, I'll put give it back to you so you can get uh your next speaker going. So, thanks everybody for attending and have a great uh rest of the week. Thank you so much, Michael, for a great

[45:23] presentation. You're welcome. Thank you. Let's move on and bring to the show our
