---
video_number: 233
inferred_title: "Orderflows FlowBreaks Set Up With Markers From The Indicator Store"
inferred_date: "2022-02-14"
video_id: "Mzo2pE5WSTE"
source_vtt: "20220214 - Orderflows FlowBreaks Set Up With Markers From The Indicator Store [Mzo2pE5WSTE].en.vtt"
word_count: 3167
segment_count: 490
---

# Orderflows FlowBreaks Set Up With Markers From The Indicator Store
*Date:* 2022-02-14  |  *Video ID:* Mzo2pE5WSTE  |  *Words:* 3167
*Source VTT:* `20220214 - Orderflows FlowBreaks Set Up With Markers From The Indicator Store [Mzo2pE5WSTE].en.vtt`

---

[00:00] Hey everybody, it's Mike from OrderFlows and I'm creating this follow-up video to the Markers and Flow Breaks training that we did on on Monday. And the reason I'm doing this is because, you know, people have been asking me, you know, how do I, you know, show me the steps what I got to go through on setting up Flow Breaks with Markers. Now, this is specific to the Flow Breaks indicator. Um, you know, again, you need Markers and you need Flow Breaks for this to work. These are add-on indicators,

[00:28] add-on tools for NinjaTrader 8. Um, I also suggest I have created a PDF of this guide that I'm going to go through. I'm going to also show you in real time how easy it is to set it up on a NinjaTrader. So, if you want to download this guide, just go to flowbreaks.com/markers/setupmarkersandflowbreaks.pdf. It's the same PDF that I'm going through, but then I'm going to go through a live example, just show you how easy it is. So, there's a few things you need to do. First, obviously, you

[00:58] got to open up a bar chart, then you're going to add the following. Um, you know, I didn't write down there add Flow Breaks, but that's, you know, you you you should. Um, then you're going to add Markers Plus the Force, and you're going to add two instances of Markers Copy. You know, one for the buys, one for the sells. And also on your chart, go to the properties, open up the uh chart trader, make sure you have that enabled cuz it's just easier to manage some of the things

[01:21] from within the chart trader, especially when you're trading. Um, now, sort of one of the differences between Flow Breaks and some of my other indicators is with Flow Breaks, I don't use the fast signal mode, okay? Instead, I just use Markers Copy to copy the long signals and short signals generated by Flow Breaks. So, once you have your chart open, you know, pull up the indicator list and you're going to add Flow Breaks, then you're going to add Markers the Force, and again, two instances of

[01:48] Markers uh Copy, right? One for the longs, one for the shorts. Okay? So, once you have all this, make sure it appears down here under configured, right? It needs to be there so you know it's added to your chart. Now we're going to go through some of the settings that you're going to need to adjust. So first is the account, set up your trading account. Now if you know, the first time you load it up, it may say sim or may say playback. Um you know, just click in here and find your

[02:15] account. If you don't see it in there, go to the chart trader and choose your account from the drop down, then it'll appear in there. Same thing with the ATM, you might not have an ATM chosen already in the chart trader. That's why I go to chart trader and choose your ATM, then it should appear in here as a choice. Now this one that says day, this is the type of order, right? You know, default is GTC. Um you can keep it at GTC or you can

[02:42] change it to day. I just find day a little bit easier to manage. Um then the next one, you don't have to worry about trade size unless you're trading more than one lot. Uh working mode, I change it to auto so it'll take automatically the buys and the sells as well as work the stops and take profits. Enable longs, enable shorts, make sure there's a check box there. I don't not using fast signal mode, so I'll leave that unchecked. Now here, 6789, this is what you're copying,

[03:08] right? You're copying the triangle up for long signals, you're copying triangle down for short signals. Um the signal color for longs is blue, the signal color for shorts is dark red. Now the entry, how am I going to get into the market for longs? I'm going to get in at the market. For shorts, I'm going to get in at the market. All right, you have some choices in there like stop or limit. I just keep it at I just change it to market to get in

[03:34] at the market. Now max and daily profit, the default is 500, same with max daily loss is minus 500. Depending on the market you're trading, 500 might be too tight for you and depending on your stops. I change it to 5,000. You can change it to 1,000 if you want, but again it also depends on your uh how big it is. If you're trading micros, you know, maybe 500 is is plenty. But, if you're trading normal size contracts, 500 might not be um enough for you.

[04:05] And and, you know, depending on what your stop is. If your stop is 500, you know, or $400, then you're probably not going to want to use that. Um so, it's safe to to sort of expand it. Now, this is the second part. When you scroll down the side here, there's more settings in here. I don't use these settings. You don't have to change those. So, you can just keep them as it is. Okay, so now let's move on to adding the copies, what you're going to be

[04:30] copying. All right, so there's basically four steps in here. The new marker's variable name will be longs, right? Cuz we're copying the longs. So, it you should change that to longs. The data series, you're going to click in here, and then you're going to add the flow breaks indicator. I'm going to show you that in a second. Number three, calculate, change it from on bar close to on each tick. Number four, I like to keep the plots the same, so it's going to be blue, solid, triangle up, and eight. Now,

[05:02] these are the same type of plots for the buy and sell signals on flow breaks. I just prefer to keep it the same. So, this part right here, this is very important, the data series. Okay, so what you have to do is you have to add the flow break indicator. So, what you're going to do, um when you click on this, it's going to pull up a box that's going to let you choose inside you know, the indicator, right? So, you have to add the indicator in

[05:25] here. Okay? Make sure however you use the indicator in your trading make sure those settings are exactly the same. All right? If you have it different then it's going to be you know, you get different signals, okay? Sounds like simple, but sometimes, you know, that that's a simple step that people forget a lot, right? So, however you trade it, make sure the signals are the same. The settings are the same, rather. So, this one is for the buys. So, it's really it's going to be copying this blue

[05:54] triangle up here, right? And then, you're going to do the same thing for the cells. Okay? So, change the name to shorts. You're going to add the flow breaks indicator again. So, you have to do the same step. You got to click inside this box and change it. Then, again, calculate on each tick. Okay? And lastly, change the plots dark red, solid triangle down, eight. Okay? Again, that you have to go inside that step. You got to do that one step, right? Let's just go back here under

[06:29] data series, right? You got to click in there, so it pulls up the box that you can open up the indicators um and choose flow breaks and add it in here. This time, it's going to be looking for this dark red signal. Okay? So, the first one on the buys was looking for the blue. The dark red on the cells. Okay? So, you know, just a a couple last minute things um which I'll show you in a second is you know, make sure you have the correct ATM for your market is

[06:57] selected. Make sure it's on auto mode, and make sure the correct account is showing. Um just a couple of little things is since flow breaks does not use tick replay and Order Flow Trader 3.0 does, what you can do is run markers with flow breaks on a normal bar chart, then open a footprint chart on the Order Flow Trader 3.0 and manage the trades from the footprint chart. Now, you don't have to keep the bar chart maximized, right? You can shrink the size. But, you do have to keep it

[07:26] open, though. You can't close it. I I I don't suggest minimizing it. I haven't tried it with it minimized. Um but, I just keep it open and I just make it smaller. Um So, you can change the size again. Some examples are on the next two pages. So, for example, right? I have my this one is running the markers, so the signals will appear here, but since it's wheat, will also appear on the footprint chart, and I can manage the trade from there. Now, again, I have you know, this

[07:53] is basically like you know, I got a 27-in monitor. I just have it split in half in the sense I keep one here and one here. Um you can even make it smaller like this cuz you don't need to see all that back history, you know, but if you're watching the footprint, you want a little bit more space. So, you know, those are some of the choices that you can use. All right, so um you know, what I want to do now, okay, is again, you know, take you through the

[08:21] steps on trading it with uh setting it up rather with NinjaTrader. All right, so let's just go through it here. So, I got my NinjaTrader, right, open up here, right, so here. Now, chart trader is open. If you don't know how to open up chart trader, click on the screen, control T, properties. It's this one right here, right, off chart trader, chart trader hidden. I prefer to keep it on cuz then, you know, you can manage your ATMs from within here. You can change them, you can

[08:49] create new ones, etc. You have access to changing your account, etc. Now, in this case, I've already got um the markers running on here. So, you know, let me just disable this, and well, I'll just turn it off completely. I'll just start from a brand new screen. Um wheat. Let's do a 100-tick chart. I'll use my white screen. I like white. Some people do, some people don't. You do not need to enable tick replay, so you can leave that unchecked. Okay, then here we go. So, I got my

[09:26] blank screen. So, what I'm going to do now is I'm going to add the indicators. All right, first I'm going to do the flow breaks, add that. Then I'm going to go to indicator store. I'm going to add markers plus the force, markers copy one for buys one for sells. Okay, so you see I got flows breaks, got markers plus the force, I got markers copy, got markers copy. Okay, so I got to change these settings. All right, so first thing I'm going to do, all right,

[09:52] is go here. Um so I'll change that the the right account, the ATM. Okay, so you see that doesn't let me choose the ATM yet. I will come back to that in a minute. Again, you change that today. Trade size one, now working mode I'm going to change to auto. So basically it'll take the buys and the sells for me and then enable longs and enable downs. Now I don't use arrow up or arrow down with flow breaks, right? It uses triangles. So I need to go in here. So for longs

[10:23] it's going to be triangle up, for sells it's going to be triangle down. Now I know it's blue is the signal for flows breaks and for buys and for sells it's dark red. Okay, so market market keep those as market. Again, there's there's other choices in there. I just keep it at market. Um in here again I change it. Again, you can make 5,000 if you want if your account's big enough. If you have if you can only get risk 1,000 for the day. This is the max daily profit and loss

[10:54] where it will turn off stop trading if you hit your max profit, your daily nut. Um or your what you call it, um your your max stop loss. Show P&L again, you know, it'll be up here in the corner if you want to see it. I keep it on. Now next thing I'm going to do is go to the next step, right? Setting up markers copy, all right? Because you want to set the buys and the sells. So default here you need to change this one

[11:22] from my line change it to longs, all right? Cuz I'm looking for longs on bar close to change to on each tick. I'll change the plots real quick since I'm here. Um, change that to triangle up and eight. Now, this is the important step here, input series. Just because it says ZWE, you still got to add the indicator to that ZWE. So, it first it comes up it looks like this. Go click on this folder that says indicators. This pulls up all your NinjaTrader indicators. Click on order flows folder, find the

[11:52] flow breaks indicator. This is the default settings. In this case, um, this is how I use it is the default settings. Click okay. Okay, so now it says flow breaks version 1.0. That's what I want to see. Now, the next one I'm going to do, I got to do the cells. All right? So, shorts from change that to um, shorts, right? Cuz first one is longs. Did I make it long or longs? Was it long, too? Should I say longs? Okay, so longs and shorts. Uh, let me just get something to drink

[12:29] here real quick. Uh, okay, so where am I? All right, so and since this is the shorts, right? It's dark red. It's going to be triangle down. Change that to eight. Okay, eight triangle down. Now, again, the important one, most important one, data series. Okay, so I got to go in here, open that up, click in here, find the indicator flow breaks. Okay, make sure it's added, click okay. Again, don't forget to change calculate on each tick. That's important. Every step is important. You leave one out,

[13:05] something's not going to work properly, okay? And there we go. It's set up. So, open up the chart trader, control T or scroll there. Um, chart trader, make sure it's turned on. Okay. Click apply. All right, so here's my chart trader. So, you can see up here, right? Earlier, it didn't let me uh choose the ATM. All right, in here. It's cuz before I didn't have the chart trader open, so wheat, right? That's my chart trader, so click on the chart up here where it says select

[13:40] valid ATM. Change it, so now it says wheat. That matches my ATM. Make sure the account up here says the same as what it says over here. Make sure that says auto. Okay, so now when we run the playback, you'll see it should start uh it's all set up. So, that's it. You know, it doesn't take very long. Now again, you can keep it open. You know, if you got multiple screens, great. You can put one footprint on if you use the footprint or not. Um it's up

[14:17] to you. So, you see it's been trading. It took its first trade. I like I'm a footprint trader. I read the order flow. I like to analyze what's happening in the order flow to get in or sorry, not to uh whether to stay in the trade or to get out of the trade a little bit early. That's all up to you. If you don't use the footprint, then you don't even need to open it up. But, you know, it's the the the thing is, right? The order

[14:43] flow trader uses the tick replay, whereas the Flows Breaker does not use the tick replay. So, by automating it on a chart that's set up for Flows Breaker, then it just makes it a bit easier to deal with, right? Cuz people go, "Oh my gosh, I don't know how to do it." Well, this is how you do it. Okay, so it's, you know, really very simple. And then, you know, I have this on pause right now, so let's just keep running. Right? So, you know, if I'm managing the

[15:12] trade, you know, I'll come back up to the break even. Depending on what I'm seeing here in the order flow, I might want to get out. Right? So, it really depends on how you trade. If you just want to run it without using um the footprint, then that's fine. You just keep this screen open the whole time. All right, but if you're using a footprint chart, if you're using my order flows trader software, which is a different tool than the flow of breaks indicator, um this is how

[15:39] you can do it, okay? So, you know, it's it's really pretty simple. All right, it didn't You saw it didn't really take very long to set it up. So, you know, once you get used to setting it up a few times, you know, you just sort of go through the process and and, you know, it really becomes um you know, very simple to do, very fast. And that's it. So, you know, again, I hope you enjoyed this video. But again, go to the download link that

[16:10] I I put up earlier to download this guide that I put together for you. Okay, so you see there, right? got out of the trade. And then there's another entry that it got short on, you know, based over here. Okay, so it took profit, then it got short again because there was a short signal um generated just after that. So, you can see that the P&L is up here. So, anyway, guys, thanks for watching this video, and I hope this clears up some of your questions that you had on how to set up

[16:48] markers and the flow breaks indicator. So, thanks, and bye-bye.
